AMZN	9/25/2018 2:34:00 PM	NULL	NULL	American Express Is Hiking Its Dividend	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/american-express-is-hiking-its-dividend-cm1027582	American Express(AXP) plans to boost its dividend by 11%.The company's board on Monday declared a quarterly payout of 39 cents a share, up from 35 cents. American Express stock, which yields 1.3%, has returned 26.4% in the past year, outpacing the SP 500 by about seven percentage points.The credit card giant suffered a big setback when its relationship withCostco Wholesale(COST) ended. American Express had offered a co-branded card with the retailer.The company earned $5.65 in 2016, up 5% from the previous year, and $5.87 in 2017. American Express paid out $1.34 of dividends last year for a payout ratio of 23%, suggesting plenty of more upside for future dividend hikes.Analysts expect the company to earn $7.27 a share this year.A higher dividend isn't the only reason to be bullish on the stock. In a note Tuesday, Bill Carcache of Instinet Equity Research wrote that the company is "focused on improving the digital lives" of its customers. Its various initiatives include testing blockchain technology. He has a Buy on the stock with a price target of $128, about 15% above its current price.Read more:6 Tech Stocks With Solid DividendsThe company recently tapped Patrick Franklin as its new chief technology officer. Franklin is a seasoned executive whose resume includes working atMicrosoft(MSFT),Amazon.com(AMZN) and Google parentAlphabet(GOOGL).The quarterly disbursement is payable on Nov. 9 to shareholders of record on Oct. 5.Follow@lawlcsWrite toLawrence C. Strauss atlawrence.strauss@barrons.comThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:AXP,COST,MSFT,AMZN,GOOGL
AMZN	9/25/2018 2:29:42 PM	NULL	NULL	Profit From This Outrageous Reaction in Facebook Stock	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/profit-from-this-outrageous-reaction-in-facebook-stock-cm1027884	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsFacebook(NASDAQ:FB) has become the stock Wall Street loves to hate. It falls on headlines that, in the past, wouldn't even budge Mark ZuckerbergCo. This morning, Facebook stock fell 3% on a headline that Instagram's founders are leaving the company. I bet most people wouldn't even know their names yet, here it is affecting FB as if the company had reported another bad quarter. There are many reasons why people leave a company, so therein lies the opportunity.I was lucky enough to have closed a long position yesterday for a short scalp opportunity. I will reset it on this morning's dip and make it an early entry into a bullish position into Facebook's next earnings report.No, I will not buy the shares at $161 and leave no room for error. Instead, I use Facebook's options market where I can minimize my out-of-pocket expenses. In this pair trade, the first trade is designed to capture the upside potential in Facebook stock; the second is to finance the bet.FB earnings will be a binary event as all earnings reports are. Even if we know the company results, we don't know how investors will react to them. But in the long run, Facebook is a company with more than a billion users engaged on their platform for hours at a time every day.8 Stocks to Sell as Each Forms a Death CrossThere is definite potential here since FB stock is not expensive. Shares trade at 22X trailing 12 months price-earnings (P/E) ratio. This is half as expense asAlphabet(NASDAQ:GOOGL). It's even cheaper thanTwitter(NYSE:TWTR) and FB is a far better earner than Twitter stock.The stock looks broken, sure, but the company is not. I don't like how management is totally apologetic about its money-making ability. They are too worried about saving face. But in the end, they do have a responsibility to their shareholders, so FB will strive to make as much money as possible.I do worry about the extent they are going to strip their content of offensive posts but, in the end, this too shall pass.Technically, FB stock has support down to $150 per share. But if it's lost, that could invite more sellers. I don't anticipate it happening unless the markets, in general, correct as well.Long term, I expect Facebook to not only survive but to thrive. This is a company that owns many platforms that have close to a billion users as well. In other words, it has too much potential to fail, so I am confident that if I buy Facebook stock I will profit for years to come.The Upside Potential:Buy FB $180/$185 debit call spread for 95 cents per contract. I need the Facebook stock price to rally past my strikes to profit. To mitigate my out-of-pocket risk, I sell downside risk into proven support.The Bank:Sell FB Nov $140 put and collect $1.50 to open. If the price stays above my puts, then I am a winner already. Otherwise, I own FB shares at a deep discount from here.Clickherefor more of my market thesis and get an ongoing free copy of my weekly newsletters.Nicolas Chahine is the managing director ofSellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him as @racernic ontwitterandstocktwits.More From InvestorPlaceThe 10 Best Stocks to Buy Right Now7 Activist Stocks for Investors to Consider30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns Green5 Income ETFs That Will Strengthen Any PortfolioCompare BrokersThe postProfit From This Outrageous Reaction in Facebook Stockappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AAPL,AMZN,FB,GOOGL,GOOG
AMZN	9/25/2018 2:29:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Snapchat Partners Amazon, Strengthens E-commerce Strategy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/snapchat-partners-amazon-strengthens-e-commerce-strategy-cm1027789	Shutterstock photoSnap Inc.SNAP, the parent of camera-application Snapchat, recently announced that it is rolling out a new feature that will enable people to use the app camera for searching products on AmazonAMZN.With the help of Snapchat's camera, users can scan a product or a barcode, which then displays a card showing that product and similar ones available on Amazon. On tapping the selected item, users will be redirected to the app or the web portal where they can complete the transaction.Reportedly, Snap isbringing the feature first to a small percentage of domestic users and will roll it out to other countries eventually.How is Snap Poised to Benefit?Snap is evolving into a social platform from a mere photo or video sharing application and its e-commerce strategy is a step toward that direction.Notably, Snap's visual product search feature will help to create diverse offerings for its audience rather than restricting them to a messaging platform. Moreover, collaborating with a bigwig like Amazon will help the company attract more users.We note that Snap is leaving no stone unturned to turn around its fortunes. The company's daily active users (DAU) decreased by nearly 3 million sequentially to 188 million in the second quarter of 2018. North America DAU was 80 million, down 1.2% sequentially.Management stated that the sequential decline was due to the lower usage of the Snapchat application, primarily due to the redesign, which received significant negative response.The decline is a concern as it makes the platform less attractive to advertisers. We note that advertisements contribute significantly to the company's revenues.The new partnership may therefore become a new revenue stream for the company. Although no financial details regarding the tie-up have been shared by the companies, Snap might earn a transactional fee placed on the orders originating through its platform.Furthermore, the camera search feature will help Snap compete directly with Pinterest's Lens, a similar tool that recognizes objects and brings up related content.Most importantly, it will help the company compete with FacebookFBowned, Instagram which is now allowing users in 46 countries to shop directly from Stories posts, a feature that the social media giant has been testing since June. Additionally, Instagram announced the launch of a Shopping tab in the Explore page that will expand globally in the coming weeks.Snap Inc. PriceSnap Inc. Price|Snap Inc. QuoteZacks Rank and A Key PickCurrently, Snap has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).A better-ranked stock in the broader technology sector is Paycom SoftwarePAYC, sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here.Long-term earnings growth rate for Paycom is currently projected to be 25.5%.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportPaycom Software, Inc. (PAYC): Free Stock Analysis ReportSnap Inc. (SNAP): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,FB,PAYC,SNAP
AMZN	9/25/2018 2:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-GE, McDonald's, Jabil, Tilray, Automakers	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocks-on-the-movege-mcdonalds-jabil-tilray-automakers-20180925-01115	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}The Day Aheadnewsletter:The Morning News Callnewsletter:U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as the boost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence data helped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive shares ahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hikeThe top three SP 500  percentage gainers:** Abiomed Inc, up 4.5 pct** CF Industries Holdings Inc, up 2.7 pct** Northrop Grumman Corp, up 2.7 pctThe top three SP 500  percentage losers:** Centurylink Inc, down 7.5 pct** A. O. Smith Corp, down 4.8 pct** Microchip Technology Inc, down 4.1 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage gainers:** XO Group Inc, up 25.8 pct** Intelsat S.A., up 17.6 pct** Marine Products Corp, up 14.6 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage losers:** Pedevco Corp, down 20.4 pct** New Concept Energy Inc, down 19.7 pct** Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc, down 12.8 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage gainers:** Jaguar Health Inc, up 220 pct** Applied Genetic Technologies Corp, up 33.6 pct** Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB, up 32.3 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage losers:** SAExploration Holdings Inc, down 50.3 pct** TG Therapeutics Inc, down 36.8 pct** Xenetic Biosciences Inc, down 20.9 pct**FacebookInc: down 0.2 pctInstagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exitFacebook: Drops as Instagram co-founders resign** Comcast Corp: up 0.2 pctComcast crosses 30 percent Sky threshold after buying shares** Intel Corp: down 1.9 pct** Analog Devices Inc: down 2.5 pct** Microchip Technology Inc: down 4.1 pctSemiconductor stocks down on Raymond James downgrade** Square Inc: up 9.4 pct** Paychex Inc: down 1.9 pct** Automatic Data Processing: down 1.1 pctSquare: Analysts hike targets, see growth aheadSquare hits record high on new Payroll App; Intuit, ADP, Paychex fall** General Motors Co: down 3.2 pct** Ford Motor Co: down 1.8 pct** Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.: down 1.5 pct** Autoliv Inc: down 5.0 pct** Visteon Corp: down 3.5 pct** BorgWarner Inc: down 2.5 pctU.S. automakers, parts makers dip on BMW profit warning** Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 5.3 pctSyndax: Tumbles after update on cancer drug in mid-stage study** XO Group Inc: up 25.8 pctXO Group: Jumps after go-pvt deal** MiMedx Group Inc: down 4.8 pctMiMedx: Diabetic foot ulcer trial using umbilical cord shows promise** Oxford Immunotec Global PLC: up 16.6 pctOxford Immunotec: Up as Quest Diagnostics agrees to buy co's U.S. lab services unit** Aurora Cannabis Inc: up 5.4 pctAurora Cannabis Inc: Up on strong fourth-quarter results** Tandem Diabetes Care Inc: up 8.5 pctTandem Diabetes Care: Up on increased sales forecast** Workiva Inc: up 6.0 pctWorkiva stock gets a raise as Baird promotes to "outperform"** Sonic Corp: up 18.4 pctSonic: Jumps as Inspire Brands to acquire co for $1.57 bln** Basic Energy Services Inc: up 10.7 pctBasic Energy Services: Eyes biggest one-day climb in nearly a year** AnaptysBio Inc: down 6.4 pctAnaptysBio: Bottom of biotech index on $200 mln stock deal** Holly Energy Partners LP: down 5.7 pctHolly Energy Partners: Slips as Barclays downgrades to 'underweight'** A. O. Smith Corp: down 4.9 pctAt yr-low as SunTrust warns of China growth slowdown** General Electric Co: down 4.0 pctGE dips below 9-yr low as turbine blade problem lingers** NII Holdings Inc: up 4.7 pctNII Holdings: Jumps on report TIM discussed a bid for Nextel** WT Offshore Inc: up 0.8 pctWT Offshore: Rises on sale of non-core asset** McDonald's Corp: up 2.3 pctMcDonald's: Cowen sees market share gains, but wary of raising estimates** American Outdoor Brands Corp: up 2.9 pct** Tesla Inc: down 0.9 pctTesla is making its own car carriers** MarshMcLennan Companies Inc: down 0.9 pctMarshMcLennan: Raymond James downgrades by two notches to "underperform"** Alcoa Corp: down 1.2 pctAlcoa: Setting up for another miss** Jabil Inc: down 9.2 pctJabil Inc: Forecast Q1 revenue above estimates** Jaguar Health Inc: up 220.0 pctJaguar Health: Surges on partnering with Canada'sKnight Therapeutics** Tilray Inc: up 15.3 pctTilray: To snap 3-day losing streak on Australia medical cannabis deal** Applied DNA Sciences IncAPDN.O: up 8.9 pctApplied DNA: Soars as co expands its cannabis tagging system** TG Therapeutics Inc: down 36.8 pctTG Therapeutics: Slips as co drops plans to seek speedy approval for leukemia drug** Michael Kors Holdings Ltd: up 1.4 pctMichael Kors: Down after co confirms deal to buy Versace** CenturyLink Inc: down 7.5 pctCenturyLink: CFO exit timing "not ideal", but co "in good hands"CenturyLink: Biggest drop in 2 years on surprise CFO exit** Gemphire Therapeutics Inc: down 3.1 pctGemphire Therapeutics: Plunges on job cuts, including top executives** Cypress Semiconductor Corp: down 6.2 pctCypress Semiconductor: KeyBanc downgrades on margin concerns** Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 3.1 pctReata Pharmaceuticals: Gains as kidney drug meets trial goal** Sirius XM Holdings: down 0.1 pct** Pandora Media Inc: up 0.2 pctStreet View: SiriusXM finally bites Pandora MediaWedbush says investor reaction makes Sirius-Pandora deal unlikely** Amazon.com Inc: up 1.3 pct** Signet Jewelers Ltd: up 0.4 pct** TiffanyCo: down 0.4 pctPandora: Amazon competition threat weighsAmazon cashierless stores to pressure retail REITs -Jefferies** Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 17.9 pctOpiant Pharma: Stock offering priced at discount** Verastem Inc: down 15.1 pctVerastem: Jumps after FDA approves blood cancer drug** Science Applications International Corp: up 2.9 pctSAIC: Jefferies upgrades on boost from Engility buy** Pluristem Therapeutics Inc: up 3.1 pctPluristem: Gets FDA's orphan status for cell therapy in additional indications** Canopy Growth Corp: up 2.9 pctCanopy Growth: Benchmark starts with 'buy', sets highest PT on Street** Ascena Retail Group Inc: up 13.2 pctAscena Retail Group: Jumps on big Q4 comp sales beat** Digital Realty Trust Inc: down 1.7 pctDigital Realty: Falls on discounted stock offeringThe 11 major SP 500 sectors:Consumer Discretionaryup 0.32 pctConsumer Staplesdown 0.67 pctEnergyup 0.61 pctFinancialdown 0.38 pctHealthdown 0.16 pctIndustrialdown 0.32 pctInformation Technologydown 0.19 pctMaterialsdown 0.46 pctReal Estatedown 0.05 pctTeleservicesup 0.13 pctUtilitiesdown 1.31 pctThis article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:AA,
AMZN	9/25/2018 2:12:32 PM	NULL	NULL	Netflix Stock Is Set to Surge and Easily Could Retest Its Highs	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/netflix-stock-is-set-to-surge-and-easily-could-retest-its-highs-cm1027893	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAfter a precipitous decline, shares ofNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) have been on the mend. Will the rally in Netflix stock continue or is it bound to unravel and revisit the lows?To get a good sense of the answer, investors have to know their timeframe. Are they short-term traders looking to scalp a few points out of NFLX stock or are they long-term investors measuring time in years rather than weeks or months?Breaking Down Netflix StockAnalysts now expect $15.85 billion in sales this year. While that's a whopping 35.6% increase from the same quarter a year ago, Netflix expects to spend about $8 billion on content this year. That's more than 50% of revenue!The 7 Best Companies With Large Stock BuybacksWhat a tremendous cost, although not something that investors seem to mind. As long as revenue continues to pour in and subscribers continue to come in ahead of expectations, no one seems to mind paying up for NFLX stock.The "why" behind that thesis is pretty simple. Consider that Netflix has more than 130 million global subscribers and it's easy to see what direction the content market is heading in. HBO, now anATT(NYSE:T) property, Netflix,Disney(NYSE:DIS),CBS(NYSE:CBS) and a number of others realize streaming is the future.It's like whatAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO Jeff Bezos said about innovation. He asked, not what will change in the future, but whatwon'tchange. Predicting change is hard, be it based on timing, market adoption or a number of other factors. Predicting non-change isn't as hard.Paraphrasing Bezos' explanation, no one is going to say, "I want to pay more for my products" or "I want the shipping to be slower and less efficient."It just doesn't work that way and Netflix is a prime example (no pun intended). No one will say, "I want to pay $100 or more a month for a majority of channels I won't use." Particularly when we can get plenty of content we don't want for just $10 a month. Jokes aside, it's clear Netflix has foreseeable staying power.Valuing Netflix Stock PriceLike Amazon though, how do we value Netflix stock, particularly after such a big rally? Analysts expect earnings of $2.69 per share this year, more than double the $1.25 a share it earned in 2017. In 2019, analysts expect another 70% growth to $4.38 a share. That leaves NFLX stock trading at 137 times this year's earnings and at about 84 times next year's earnings.That's obviously not cheap. But 84 times isn't the most ridiculous number we've ever seen. Like Bezos though, what's CEO Reed Hastings supposed to do? Stop investing so heavily in original content? Stop licensing content that resonates with viewers?The truth is, Netflix needs to pour resources into its content budget to make Netflix as sticky as possible for the long term. Amazon poured money into segments and is now worth $1 trillion. I'm not saying Netflix is on its way to that valuation, but it's clear what they need to do to earn and keep customers.Is that completely priced in with its $160 billion market cap? Probably not. But it's hard to say what its full potential is and when it will realize it.Right now, the predominant factor is user growth. Not earnings, not revenue growth and not free-cash flow. Last quarter, the added 670,000 domestic subscribers was well short of the 1.2 million analysts were looking for, while international subs of 4.47 million missed estimates for five million new subscribers.For those that will argue that analysts were overzealous, Netflix missed its internal estimates by a wide margin too (which were mostly in-line with consensus expectations).Looking to Q3, management expected 5 million new total subs vs. expectations of more than 5.9 million subs.Trading NFLX StockClick to EnlargeAnother miss likely takes all the air out of Netflix stock price. As of now though, investors seem willing to give Netflix a pass. In fact, shares on suddenly on the verge of breaking out.With a short-term uptrend, we can see that NFLX stock has been putting in a series of higher lows. Resistance (blue box) is floating between $370 and $377.Aggressive investors can buy on a close over $370, while conservative investors may want to buy on a close over that $377 mark. The first immediate target would be a gap fill into the low $390s.From there, $400 would be in the cards, then the $420 all-time highs. The setup is negated on a close below uptrend support.Bret Kenwell is the manager and author ofFuture Blue Chipsand is on Twitter@BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell is long T.More From InvestorPlaceThe 10 Best Stocks to Buy Right Now7 Activist Stocks for Investors to Consider30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns Green5 Income ETFs That Will Strengthen Any PortfolioCompare BrokersThe postNetflix Stock Is Set to Surge and Easily Could Retest Its Highsappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:NFLX,DIS,T,CBS,AMZN
AMZN	9/25/2018 2:10:06 PM	NULL	NULL	Why the Earnings Surprise Streak Could Continue for Amazon (AMZN)	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-the-earnings-surprise-streak-could-continue-for-amazon-amzn-cm1027797	Shutterstock photo
AMZN	9/25/2018 1:31:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon.com Is Moving Out of Your Living Room and Into Your Kitchen	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazoncom-is-moving-out-of-your-living-room-and-into-your-kitchen-cm1027530	With its control over your living room now firmly established,Amazon.com(NASDAQ: AMZN)now wants to extend its reach into your   kitchen with a new line of Alexa-enabled home appliances, givingGeneral Electric(NYSE: GE) and its investors more to worry about as it undergoes   a major reorganization.Amazon unveiled a new microwave oven that, although it doesn't   come with Alexa, does work with nearby Echo devices so you can   use voice commands to cook, reheat, and order popcorn. The new   Amazon Basics Microwave has a built-in Dash replenishment button   for popcorn so you can order more when you're running low.The microwave is priced at just under $60. GE's smart   microwave, which also works with Alexa, is priced at $140. It   also comes with scan-to-cook technology that, as its name   implies, allows users to scan a barcode on food packaging via a   mobile app and the microwave will set the appropriate settings   for cook time and power level. While arguably more advanced, the   pricing difference will be difficult to overcome.Image source: Amazon.com.Connecting all the piecesAmazon wants to take over your home. As Amazon founder and CEO   Jeff Bezos has said, "We want customers to be able to use Alexa   wherever they are." All aspects of your home and car are now in   Amazon's field of vision. In addition to the microwave oven,   Amazon also unveiled an updated Fire TV Recast for live-recording   TV and broadcasting it to other devices; theEcho Subfor connecting with an existing home sound system; Echo Auto, a   device for your car; and a new Ring security camera.General Electric's stock has lost half its value over the past   year as plans to break up the conglomerate congeal. It is   spinning off its healthcare unit and selling its stake inBaker Hughes, while focusing instead on its power and aviation and renewable   energy businesses. GE sold its appliance business to Chinese   giant Haier in 2016 for $5.6 billion, but the GE nameplate   remains on the products under a 40-year licensing agreement. At   the time, the CEO of the appliance division said, "We'd like   (customers) to be confident that we stand behind our products as   we always have."Home is where Alexa isThe connected home will be a key area for Amazon. In May, it   announced the opening of Amazon Experience Centers in partnership   with homebuilderLennarthat will feature two Echo speakers in select new homes to   control the television, lights, thermostat, shades, and more.   Recurring or on-demand home services can be booked through   Amazon.Although it has started with a microwave oven, it's not a   stretch to see other connected appliances being developed over   time. Refrigerators that feature Dash buttons to order a variety   of products used regularly, as well as dishwashers that order   detergent when you're running low could easily be in the future.   It's not just GE (or Haier) that should worry about these   developments, butWhirlpool,LG, and other appliance makers also ought be taking notice of   Amazon.com's new presence in the kitchen.10 stocks we like better than AmazonWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Amazon wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors.Rich Dupreyhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool     owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GE
AMZN	9/25/2018 1:26:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Spotify, Deezer and others call for stronger EU action against U.S. rivals	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/spotify-deezer-and-others-call-for-stronger-eu-action-against-us-rivals-20180925-01064	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Foo Yun CheeBRUSSELS, Sept 25 (Reuters) - Music streaming services Spotify  and Deezer joined European business and industry bodies in calling on EU regulators to take tougher action to curb what they say are the unfair practices of online platforms.EU governments are set in the coming weeks to come up with a joint position on a proposed platform-to-business (P2B) law which is meant to ensure greater transparency and fairness in the digital economy.But in a joint letter, businesses and industry bodies such as the European Publishers Council and the European Association of Craft, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, said the P2B proposal did not go far enough."Targeted measures to prevent unfair practices by platforms are needed if the legislation is to promote sustained digital growth," they said in a joint letter dated Sept. 24 seen by Reuters.Unveiled by the European Commission in April, the P2B law would force app stores, search engines, e-commerce sites and hotel booking websites such as Expedia  to be more transparent about how they rank search results and why they delist some services.It would also give companies the right to group together and sue online platforms.The European business and industry groups did not name any platforms in their letter, which was addressed to EU ministers of competitiveness who are due to meet in Brussels on Sept. 27."Instead of being gateways that facilitate access, these platforms use their privileged position to become gatekeepers to the digital economy," they said in the letter.They also said unfair business practices include large platforms favouring their own services, unilateral and sudden changes in terms and conditions, arbitrary marketing bans, mandatory use of a particular billing system and arbitrary restrictions on data use.Tech lobbying group CCIA, which represents Google, Amazon and eBay have previously said there is no evidence of a systemic problem to justify more regulations.Once EU governments have decided on a joint position, they will have to negotiate with the Commission and European Parliament on the final legislation.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
AMZN	9/25/2018 12:47:00 PM	NULL	NULL	The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Apple, Amazon, Alphabet, Tencent and Sina	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-apple-amazon-alphabet-tencent-and-sina-cm1027551	Shutterstock photoFor Immediate ReleaseChicago, IL -September 25, 2018 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:AppleAAPL,AmazonAMZN,AlphabetGOOGL,TencentTCEHYandSinaSINA.Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:Inside China: Are International Firms Destined to Fail?In part 1, we re-acquainted investors with the Red Dragon in the East. We discussed the nation's rapid economic growth, resurgent middle class, and related companies to watch.To read the previous section, click here.A Very Lucrative MarketThe rise of China's middle class has not only brought economic prosperity, but the creation of a consumer pool larger than the entire US population with a significant amount of capital to spend. This increased strength in the Chinese consumer market has driven an enhanced business environment for players in the region. But although domestic firms are seeing exponential growth, most foreign enterprises have had difficulty penetrating the market.While this is partially a function of the region's variation in consumer preferences, it is more so the result of stringent government regulation, along with other artificial barriers to entry. The Chinese government is very aware that its constituents represent a significant business opportunity, and as such continues to issue an ever-growing list of demands that firms must bend over backwards to satisfy.Surveying the Business ClimateIn January, the American Chamber of Commerce and BainCompany published the 2018 edition of their annualreporton the Chinese Business Climate. The report was based on 411 surveys from individuals working in AmCham member companies of all scales and industries, with nearly two-thirds of responses coming from senior-level management. The results point to a blend of optimism and caution in the face of uniquely challenging economic and global trends.36% of survey respondents believe that US-China relations will improve, and another 48% expect them to remain the same. While this may not seem like a particularly positive outlook, it marks a notable contrast from the 2017 report's 17% positive and 50% neutral levels. Moreover, 46% feel that the Chinese government is more committed to opening its market to foreign investment, compared to 34% the year before.But before drawing too one-sided a conclusion, investors should note that survey responses were collected from late October to late November 2017, a period during which President Trump himself visited Beijing. While foreign business entities may genuinely hold a more optimistic outlook, expectations could have also been somewhat inflated by the event, a concern echoed by the authors of the report.Regulation continues to serve as a major hurdle for member companies, with 75% of respondents feeling less welcome in China than they have in the past. Still, business for the year has been solid, with 64% of member companies reporting revenue growth in 2017, compared to 58% and 55% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. But these businesses remain threatened by lopsided "quid pro quo" arrangements with Chinese companies.Domestic Interests Always Come FirstOne of the largest contributors to operational struggles in China is the government's continued preferential treatment of homegrown businesses to foreign ventures. The bias appears to be most prevalent in technology and other RD-intensive industries, where 59% of firms stated that they are treated unfairly compared to local entities. While not as extreme, this sentiment has been echoed by companies in the services (46%), industrial (42%), and consumer (37%) industries as well.The Chinese business environment is also not conducive to the protection of foreign data and intellectual property rights. Over 50% of member companies believe that threats in intellectual property theft and data security are more prevalent in China than elsewhere. In another response, 27% wrote that they believe the lack of IP protection measures is causing major setbacks to innovation efforts.Last June, China enacted a new cybersecurity law that, among numerous other stipulations, requires foreign enterprises and organizations to store all "sensitive data" domestically.  As a result, Apple reluctantly agreed to store the iCloud data of its mainland Chinese customers in a state-owned data center in southern China. It was not the only giant forced to bend the knee, as Amazon's Web Services division was made to sell its hardware to a local Chinese partner.Most businesses can only expand to China through a joint venture with a local partner, in which the latter holds the majority stake. But in many cases, these agreements involve the required turnover of all related IP information to their counterparts. Local partners then use that information to create knockoffs, and to further their own research. Investors should note that this practice of forced technology transfer was confirmed through a six-monthinvestigationfrom the US Trade Representative's Office.China also operates the so-called "Great Firewall," an online censorship initiative which actively blocks many international services in China. Alphabet is among many companies whose services are rendered inaccessible by the firewall. Thanks to this, Tencent's WeChat messaging application and Sina's Facebook-like Weibo platform sprung up as replacements and now dominate the Chinese social media market.Looking AheadOver half of member companies see inconsistent regulatory interpretation, unclear laws, and rising labor costs as the biggest challenges in 2018. Moreover, 73% hold either a neutral or negative two-year business outlook on the nation's regulatory environment. But at the same time, firms are feeling more confident that with time, China's market will become more transparent and open to foreign investment.Even in the face of all the difficulties, a growing number of companies and interests rate China as a major investment priority. Firms in the consumer market will see the most opportunity moving forward, as China continues its transition from an industrial powerhouse to a consumption-based economy.While there are reasons for cautious optimism, investors must also closely watch developments in the trade war between the US and China. A prolonged back-and-forth conflict could bring small and large-scale businesses alike into the crosshairs and jeopardize various initiatives in the region.The key takeaway from these findings is that the US is not going to remain the best destination for business growth forever. While China still leaves much to be desired in terms of transparency and fair practice, it is home to what will likely become the most influential consumer market of the 21stcentury. Now is the time for investors to take notice and start paying more attention to the ancient giant.Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.comhttp://www.zacks.comPast performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The SP 500 is an unmanaged index. Visithttp://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportSina Corporation (SINA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTencent Holding Ltd. (TCEHY): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,SINA,TCEHY,GOOGL,AAPL
AMZN	9/25/2018 12:47:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon, Alphabet's AI to Pervade Smart Homes: Stocks to Watch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-alphabets-ai-to-pervade-smart-homes-stocks-to-watch-cm1027552	Shutterstock photoArtificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly infusing our lives by taking over everyday technology. AI's methodology of enabling machines to learn from experience and imitate human behavior has given rise to its widespread implementation in vital areas such as transportation, healthcare, banking, defense, agriculture, etc. Moreover, tech giants are eyeing artificial intelligence to run our homes too.Big technology companies are trying to enter the home space, diversifying the range of AI-powered products from smartphone applications to smart devices that help our homes function. Therefore, it could be a good idea to keep tabs on a few stocks that are expected to ride the AI boom.Amazon and Google's New Smart Home ProductsIn a bid to outrun its competitors, AmazonAMZNrecently launched as many as 15 new products enabled by Alexa, a CNBC report cited last week. Amazon's dedication toward its voice assistant space is remarkable, as Alexa will now be commanding over everything from wall clocks, microwaves, smart plugs, security devices and much more in our homes.Amazon also revealed upgrades for its speaker Echo and new modes to add Alexa to third-party devices. Amazon's Alexa is now smarter than before, with its new Alexa Hunches feature enabling it to suggest actions based on daily activities.AlphabetGOOGLis expected to reveal some notable AI-enabled gadgets as well, with smartphones, laptops and smart displays probably dominating the list. Google's hardware event in October will be the launching pad for the company's new smart home additions. Amazon and Google's ambition to occupy and run the smart home space is entirely dependent on how smart their voice assistants are and how well they integrate with the smart devices around the house.Amazon's new Alexa-controlled products occupy devices from the living room, kitchen, bedroom and even the garage, with Echo Auto set to help while turning on a car. Echo products will be able to integrate with third-party devices, which will be an advantage. Bose, Hamilton Beach and PGPGare partnering with Amazon for integrating their devices with Alexa via Alexa Connecting Kit, per the CNBC report.How Robust Will the Smart Home Market Be?According to a report by Zion Market Research last month, the smart home market is expected to reach $53.4 in the next four years. The concept of a smart home revolves around every aspect of one's house, which includes smart kitchen, home healthcare, security, lighting, access control, HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) control, etc.Advanced home automation systems will also be an integral part of the real estate industry, as additional construction and wiring are necessary to accommodate new features that smart homes come with.Rising demand for energy-efficient, secure homes is a major booster for the growing smart home market. Consumer convenience is a key driver too, as smart devices can now take care of the house.Stocks to WatchSince AI-enabled gadgets for our homes will be in focus, it would be prudent to take a look at the companies that are developing them.Amazonis expanding fast into the smart home space, with its new products designed in line with its voice assistant Alexa. The company's other AI implementation, Echo, is a notable business process initiative. Amazon carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) presently and its shares have gained 65.5% year to date. Its earnings for 2018 are expected to grow 290.5%.Alphabethas developed AI tools such as Google Lens, Duplex and Smart Compose for Gmail. The company is now developing AI-enabled gadgets to take over smart homes with laptops, smartphones and smart speakers with screens set to be launched in October. Alphabet currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and its shares have gained 12% year to date. The company's earnings are expected to grow 24.6% for 2018.You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.AppleAAPLis known for its voice assistant Siri introduced in 2011. The company's Core ML is an example of machine learning framework for applications along with its self-driving cars. Apple sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and its earnings for 2018 are expected to grow 27.7%. The iPhone maker's shares have gained 30.5% year to date.NVIDIA Corporation'sNVDApowerful graphics processing unit (GPU) technologies are popular in AI research. Its AI-enabled driverless cars, deep learning frameworks and AI-powered devices for consumers are leading the way in AI development. NVIDIA carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and its shares have gained 37.4% year to date. NVDA's earnings for 2018 are expected to grow 61.8% for the current year.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportProcterGamble Company (The) (PG): Free Stock Analysis ReportNVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GOOGL,AAPL,PG,NVDA
AMZN	9/25/2018 11:59:00 AM	NULL	NULL	U.S. seeks input on privacy rules to protect consumer data	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-seeks-input-on-privacy-rules-to-protect-consumer-data-20180925-01012	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David ShepardsonWASHINGTON, Sept 25 (Reuters) - The U.S. Commerce Department on Tuesday said it was seeking comments on how to set nationwide data privacy rules in the wake of tough new requirements adopted by the European Union and California this year.The Senate Commerce Committee has scheduled a privacy hearing on Wednesday with major companies including Alphabet Inc, ATT Inc, Apple Inc. This summer, the Trump administration held more than 50 meetings with tech companies, internet providers, privacy advocates and others.Commerce's National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) issued the request for comment after noting "a growing number of foreign countries, and some U.S. states, have articulated distinct visions for how to address privacy concerns, leading to a nationally and globally fragmented regulatory landscape."The administration said companies and other organizations that use consumer data should be transparent about how they use personal information, individuals should be able to exercise control over personal information and data use "should be reasonably minimized."David Redl, who heads NTIA, said "the Trump administration is beginning this conversation to solicit ideas on a path for adapting privacy to today's data-driven world."The Internet Association, which represents more than 40 major internet and technology companies, said this month it backed modernizing data privacy rules but wants a national approach that would pre-empt new regulations in California that take effect in 2020.California Governor Jerry Brown signed data privacy legislation in June aimed at giving consumers more control over how companies collect and manage their personal information, although it was not as stringent as new rules in Europe.The European Union General Data Protection Regulation took effect in May, replacing the bloc's patchwork of rules dating back to 1995.Breaking privacy laws can now result in fines of up to 4 percent of global revenue or 20 million euros ($23.2 million), whichever is higher, as opposed to a few hundred thousand euros.Also testifying Wednesday will be Twitter Inc, Amazon.com Inc  and Charter Communications Inc  to give them "an opportunity to explain their approaches to privacy," said U.S. Senator John Thune.Google on Monday said it backed "responsible, interoperable and adaptable data protection regulations" as it offered a list of principles.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
AMZN	9/25/2018 3:47:16 AM	NULL	NULL	BABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaper	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/baba-stock-could-get-even-cheaper-cm1027408	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAlibaba(NYSE:BABA) looks absurdly cheap at the moment. Alibaba grew revenue 58% year over year in fiscal 2018 (ending March), and non-GAAP earnings per share surged by 40%. Margins were pressured in the first quarter, admittedly. But the top line still rose 61%. Yet BABA stock now trades at just 21 times forward EPS - and BABA stock has fallen 22% from its 52-week high.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetObviously, there are external factors. Chinese stocks are ina bear market. Trade war fearscontinue to accelerate. By the standards of China's tech leaders, Alibaba stock actually hasn't had a bad year. BABA stock may be down 22%, but rivalJD.com(NASDAQ:JD) has fallen 48%.NetEase(NASDAQ:NTES) andWeibo Corp(NASDAQ:WB) both are down 40%+.But there are concerns surrounding Alibaba stock itself. As I wrote last month, BABA stock simplyisn't as cheap as it looks. That's true even after another 10% decline.And, in the near-term, Alibaba stock could face more pressure. External concerns aren't abating - and, for several reasons, BABA stock could face an outsized impact. Long-term, the recent weakness could just be a blip in the road. But, right now, I'm not quite ready to go flying into BABA stock just yet.The Uncertainty Problem for Alibaba StockNervous investors generally run from uncertain stocks. And, as impressive as the Alibaba story is, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty here.Many investors remainskeptical about the company's accounting. The same is true forthe country as a whole. Alibaba continues to execute complex joint venture transactions that raise eyebrows. AsMarketWatchpointed out, a recent reorganization of its money-losing Koubei JVallowed the company to book a gain. Alibabagave up control of a partnership in Russiaand has taken in quite a bit of cash in similar deals over the years despite the fact that internal cash flow should, in theory, fund many of those investments.Alibaba quite clearly is not a fraud, but there are issues of trust surrounding its numbers (includingthe impact of "brushing" on its GMV, or gross merchandise volume, figure). Add to that the VIE structure (BABA shareholdersdon't actually own shares of Alibaba) and there are reasons for caution here - at least.Fundamental concerns aside, there's also a notable change in the business. Founder and chairman Jack Ma isleaving the company. Surely, Alibaba will persist - but one can imagine that investors wouldn't be thrilled if Jeff Bezos leftAmazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) or Mark Zuckerberg leftFacebook(NASDAQ:FB). (The latter example may not hold at the moment, admittedly.) Ma's departure is just one more reason why cautious investors may desire a cheaper price before buying the dip in BABA stock.Are There Better China Plays Than BABA Stock?Even if Alibaba stock is near a bottom, the next question is whether BABA is the best play on the thesis that Chinese stocks, on the whole, have fallen too far. For these reasons, and others, I'm not sure it is.I look foolish for my continued recommendation of JD, for instance, but I still think that stock hasreal potential in the long run. NTES alsolooks intriguing here.iQiyi(NASDAQ:IQ), the so-calledNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) of China, offershigh reward with its high risk.BABA admittedly is cheaper than those smaller China plays. And investors looking to buy the dip in China may prefer to do so via the largest players - either Alibaba stock or that ofTencent(OTCMKTS:TCEHY). Certainly, BABA at $165 is intriguing - and there are many worse plays in what looks like an overheated global equity market.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetBut intriguing isn't quite compelling - and $165 isn't necessarily the bottom. With news on the trade war, currency and macro fronts unlikely to reverse any time soon, the uncertainty surrounding Alibaba isn't coming to an immediate end. And the same may be true for the pressure on Alibaba stock.As of this writing, Vince Martin has no positions in any securities mentioned.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postBABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaperappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:BABA,AMZN,FB,NFLX,JD
AMZN	9/25/2018 3:04:17 AM	NULL	NULL	Dip in AMZN Stock Makes It Perfect Time to Buy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/dip-in-amzn-stock-makes-it-perfect-time-to-buy-cm1027409	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAlthough the stock is more than $200 per share off its highs,Amazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) has been on fire in 2018. Despite the pullback, AMZN stock is still up 65% on the year and nearly 100% over the past 12 months.The 7 Best Companies with Large Stock BuybacksIt's one thing to be a sub-$20 billion or $10 billion company and sport gains of more than 100%. But it's an entirely different beast when the stock eclipses a market cap of $1 trillion - something AMZN did less than a month ago.Many know the obvious impact Amazon has had on the retail market, given that we continue to see bankruptcies littered throughout the sector. Its e-commerce and Prime efforts have paid off, while investors have reaped monstrous rewards over virtually any time frame.It's made some investors wonder if AMZN stock still worth buying?Sizing Up Amazon StockThe company's releasing a slew of new Alexa-connected home devices and will reportedly open thousands of its Amazon Go stores throughout the country.There are two main takeaways from this news. The first is that Amazon is making a move into customers' homes in a way thatApple(NASDAQ:AAPL) could have andshould haveyears ago, but didn't. Alexa can lock and unlock doors, start cars, turn on lights and do countless other things. Amazon's acquisition of Ring gets it into the doorbell and camera businesses, while its Fire TV suite ushers in entertainment options and convenience.Alphabet(NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) is also working on making advances in the home, but it doesn't have the consumer e-commerce presence that Amazon has. Apple's very good at the things that it does, but at times it lacks aggressiveness into new areas of opportunities.From the looks of things, Amazon will likely win the battle for the home, given its commitment to various products, its e-commerce presence and relationship with millions of customers and its ever-growing ecosystem. That's where the second takeaway folds into the Amazon Go stores. Prime was never about free shipping or watching TV or storing photos. It's about getting millions of people to make Amazon their go-to source. Whether that's buying pantry items or ordering video games or whether that's sitting down on the couch to watch a movie or finding new music to listen to.Adding these features aren't meant to make money, they're intended to broaden and strengthen the ecosystem, making it harder and harder to leave Amazon and Prime behind. Because guess what? No Prime equals no Amazon Go sales - another convenience factor for customers. It means having to contend with other competitors and losing a substantial piece of high-margin cash flow (Prime memberships).Trading AMZN StockClick to EnlargeThere are other factors beyond Amazon's e-commerce and Prime divisions. Consider that Amazon Web Services is the largest cloud provider. Some analysts have valued the unit at $600 million should AMZN break up. That alone would make it one of the largest companies in the world! That's not including its massive advertising business or the retail segment we just discussed.And for anyone that thinks the cloud is late-cycle growth,it's anything but.With that said, what do the charts say?For all the good things going on with Amazon, AMZN stock is starting to look tired. The $1,900 level has been solid support (purple line), while uptrend support (black line) and the 50-day moving average have been support as well.While AMZN is certainly a trend stock, those trends don't last forever. For now, it's holding up and as the market trades higher, it's hard to bet against Amazon. In the short-term, it's caught in a downtrend channel (blue lines). If the top line holds as resistance (No. 1), then it will threaten to crack those support levels and break the current trend.10 Best Blue-Chip Stocks for Mid-Career InvestorsIf resistance gives way, it will propel Amazon stock over the 20-day and could lead to a retest of the highs. Aggressive traders can go long near current levels and look for that breakout, while conservative traders can wait for confirmation and go from there.Bret Kenwell is the manager and author ofFuture Blue Chipsand is on Twitter@BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell was long GOOGL.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postDip in AMZN Stock Makes It Perfect Time to Buyappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:GOOGL,AMZN,GOOG,AAPL
WMT	9/25/2018 2:12:05 PM	NULL	NULL	Dow Movers: INTC, WMT	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/dow-movers-intc-wmt-cm1027598	Shutterstock photoIn early trading on Tuesday, shares of Walmart (WMT) topped the list of the day's best performing Dow Jones Industrial Average components, trading up 1.2%. Year to date, Walmart has lost about 2.7% of its value.And the worst performing Dow component thus far on the day is Intel Corp (INTC), trading down 2.1%. Intel Corp is lower by about 0.5% looking at the year to date performance.Two other components making moves today are UnitedHealth Group (UNH), trading down 0.5%, and McDonald's (MCD), trading up 1.0% on the day.VIDEO: Dow Movers: INTC, WMTThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:WMT,INTC,UNH,MCD
UNH	9/25/2018 3:09:00 PM	NULL	NULL	6 Reasons to Invest in WellCare Health for Portfolio Boost	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/6-reasons-to-invest-in-wellcare-health-for-portfolio-boost-cm1027718	Shutterstock photoEstimates forWellCare Health Plans, Inc.WCGhave been revised upward over the past 30 days, reflecting analysts' optimism on the stock. The stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2019 earnings move 1.6% north over the same time frame.The company is poised to gain from an expanding Medicaid business as government is increasingly turning to private players in order to manage costs of this program. Moreover, a huge baby boomers' population is driving demand for Medicaid, a health plan pertaining to the elderly as well as the underprivileged.Shares of this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock have soared nearly 86% in the past year, outperforming theindustry's growth of 40%. The company is well-poised for growth, also apparent from its favorable Value Score of B. Our research shows that stocks with an impressive Value Style Score of A or B when combined with a bullish Zacks Rank of 1 or 2 (Buy) offer the best opportunities in the value investment space.Now, let's focus on some important factors that make the company an investor favorite.Positive Earnings Surprise History:The company boasts a stellar earnings surprise history with an average trailing four-quarter beat of 53.89%. This highlights its operational excellence.High Liquidity:WellCare Health enjoys a sturdy liquidity level, backed by its solid cash position. Its cash flow from operating activities has been witnessing a remarkable four-year CAGR of 55.6% during the 2013-2017 period. Cash flows continued to increase during the first half as well, which is likely to support its strong inorganic growth initiatives, which have been the main revenue driver.Solid Revenues:The company's improving top line since 2006 remains praiseworthy. Over the past five years (2012-17), revenues have witnessed a CAGR of 18% on the back of the company's organic growth, acquisition and partnership strategies, premium rise etc. The first half of 2018 witnessed 11% year-over-year revenue growth.Raised 2018 Guidance:The company lifted its 2018 guidance during the second quarter. It expects adjusted earnings per share in the range of $10.70-$10.90, up from the previous guidance of $10-$10.30 per share. It also upped its investment and other income, now projected between $90 million and $94 million, up from $72-$78 million, driven by the Fed rate hike and a multi-year investment strategy implementation. This should instill investors' confidence in the stock.Acquisitions Boosting Inorganic Growth:WellCare Health has been growing significantly through acquisitions and partnerships since 2013. Buyouts of Care1st Arizona and Advicare have been accretive to its portfolio over the past few years. Last year, it closed the consolidation of Universal American Corp, which in turn, fueled 28.7% year-over-year growth in Medicare Health Plans premiums during the first half of 2018. Recently, the company purchased Meridian Health Plan of Michigan, Inc., Meridian Health Plan of Illinois, Inc. and MeridianRx, together known as the Meridian. The deal is expected to generate more than $4.3 billion in 2018 total revenues for the company. Also, the transaction will add a proprietary Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM) platform to the company's portfolio.Growth Projections:The Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings per share is pegged at $10.79, representing a year-over-year increase of 26.6% on 18.2% higher revenues of $20.1 billion.For 2019, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings per share stands at $13.63 on $25.2 billion revenues, translating into a respective 26.2% and 25.8% year-over-year increase.Further, the company's estimated long-term (five years) EPS growth rate of 15.4%, greater than the industry's earnings growth rate of 12.9%, promises rewards for investors.Other Stocks to ConsiderInvestors interested in the Medical-HMO industry can also check out some other top-ranked stocks like Molina Healthcare, IncMOH, UnitedHealth Group IncorporatedUNHand Anthem, Inc.ANTM.Molina offers Medicaid-related solutions to meet the health care needs of low-income families and individuals. It sports a Zacks Rank of 1. In the past four quarters, the company came up with a whopping average beat of 164.17%. You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here.UnitedHealth Group Incorporated operates as a diversified health care company in the United States. The stock carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and came up with an average four-quarter positive surprise of 3.7%.Anthem operates as a health benefits company in the United States. With a Zacks Rank of 2, the company managed to pull off an average trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 6.65%.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportUnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH): Free Stock Analysis ReportMolina Healthcare, Inc (MOH): Free Stock Analysis ReportWellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG): Free Stock Analysis ReportAnthem, Inc. (ANTM): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:UNH,MOH,WCG,ANTM
UNH	9/25/2018 2:12:05 PM	NULL	NULL	Dow Movers: INTC, WMT	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/dow-movers-intc-wmt-cm1027598	Shutterstock photoIn early trading on Tuesday, shares of Walmart (WMT) topped the list of the day's best performing Dow Jones Industrial Average components, trading up 1.2%. Year to date, Walmart has lost about 2.7% of its value.And the worst performing Dow component thus far on the day is Intel Corp (INTC), trading down 2.1%. Intel Corp is lower by about 0.5% looking at the year to date performance.Two other components making moves today are UnitedHealth Group (UNH), trading down 0.5%, and McDonald's (MCD), trading up 1.0% on the day.VIDEO: Dow Movers: INTC, WMTThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:WMT,INTC,UNH,MCD
UNH	9/25/2018 1:30:09 PM	NULL	NULL	Has UnitedHealth Group (UNH) Outpaced Other Medical Stocks This Year?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/has-unitedhealth-group-unh-outpaced-other-medical-stocks-this-year-cm1027668	Shutterstock photoThe Medical group has plenty of great stocks, but investors should always be looking for companies that are outperforming their peers. Has UnitedHealth Group (UNH) been one of those stocks this year? A quick glance at the company's year-to-date performance in comparison to the rest of the Medical sector should help us answer this question.UnitedHealth Group is a member of the Medical sector. This group includes 756 individual stocks and currently holds a Zacks Sector Rank of #7. The Zacks Sector Rank gauges the strength of our 16 individual sector groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups.The Zacks Rank is a proven system that emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions, highlighting a variety of stocks that are displaying the right characteristics to beat the market over the next one to three months. UNH is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).Over the past 90 days, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for UNH's full-year earnings has moved 0.84% higher. This signals that analyst sentiment is improving and the stock's earnings outlook is more positive.Our latest available data shows that UNH has returned about 21.27% since the start of the calendar year. Meanwhile, stocks in the Medical group have gained about 10.94% on average. This means that UnitedHealth Group is performing better than its sector in terms of year-to-date returns.Looking more specifically, UNH belongs to the Medical - HMOs industry, a group that includes 13 individual stocks and currently sits at #43 in the Zacks Industry Rank. Stocks in this group have gained about 23.36% so far this year, so UNH is slightly underperforming its industry this group in terms of year-to-date returns.Investors in the Medical sector will want to keep a close eye on UNH as it attempts to continue its solid performance.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportUnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing Ideas,StocksReferenced Symbols:UNH
FB	9/25/2018 6:40:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Facebook Is Losing Instagram's Co-Founders Now, Too	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-is-losing-instagrams-co-founders-now-too-cm1027877	Facebook(NASDAQ: FB) is suffering something of an executive exodus. WhatsApp founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton have leftwithin the past yearover disagreements with the parent company's data practices. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and COO Sheryl Sandberg had reportedly beenpressuring WhatsAppto monetize its service more aggressively, specifically with ads. But WhatsApp had always been staunchly against the use of ads in its wildly popular messaging service.Now the company is also losing the co-founders of Instagram.Image source: Instagram.Systrom and Krieger call it quitsAs first reported byThe New York Times, Instagram co-founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger are resigning. Systrom subsequently confirmed the news in a briefstatement on Instagram's blog, saying that the pair are "ready for our next chapter." Systrom continues:We're planning on leaving Instagram to explore our curiosity and creativity again. Building new things requires that we step back, understand what inspires us and match that with what the world needs; that's what we plan to do.We remain excited for the future of Instagram and Facebook in the coming years as we transition from leaders to two users in a billion. We look forward to watching what these innovative and extraordinary companies do next.That may be the public rationale, butRecodereports that the real reason they're leaving is that Zuck has been trying to exert more control recently. That has led to disagreements with where the service was heading and how data is shared between Facebook and Instagram (sound familiar?). While Facebook has often promised its acquired subsidiaries autonomy and independence, over time Facebook inevitably nudges the companies toward its own strategic and financial goals. That's especially true for Instagram, which is becoming an increasinglyimportant growth driverfor Facebook's business. Instagram is expanding into long-form video,e-commerce, and more.Systrom and Krieger are credited with building Instagram's culture, and their resignations add considerable uncertainty regarding Instagram's direction going forward. Start-up founders often leave parent companies after getting acquired, typically after their stock vests. (Systrom is now worth an estimated $1.4 billion.) But considering how critical Instagram is to Facebook's investing thesis, the departures are especially concerning.One broader implication is how His Zuckness approaches acquisitions and subsidiaries. Investors are very clearly frustrated with Zuckerberg's utter lack of accountability,futilely votingto eliminate his supervoting share class at this year's annual meeting (again), while also questioning his leadership in the wake of numerous controversies. Zuckerberg trying to exert even more control and influence on subsidiaries that previously enjoyed greater autonomy is not a good thing.10 stocks we like better than FacebookWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Facebook wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018Evan Niu, CFAowns shares of Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/25/2018 5:53:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Instagram Founders Part With Facebook, Wall Street Braces for Fed | Free Lunch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-founders-part-with-facebook-wall-street-braces-for-fed-free-lunch-cm1027879	Shutterstock photoOn today's episode of Free Lunch, Associate Stock Strategist Ryan McQueeney highlights breaking news involving Qualcomm and Apple, as well as AMD. He also speculates about the Federal Open Market Committee meeting commencing today. Later, he highlights the recent evolution of media stocks.Want more video content from Zacks? Subscribe toZacks Investment Newsnow!Free Lunch is the newest show from Zacks Investment Research. It is streamed live, four times per week, and features breaking news and analysis from Zacks strategists. Free Lunch is available on YouTube, Facebook Live, Twitter, Ustream, and more.U.S. stocks were relatively flat in morning trading Tuesday, with energy and financial leaders experiencing the best of the trading as Wall Street braces for news out of the FOMC meeting commencing today.The impending rate hike has been expected for some time, but there's not certainty when it comes to the tone the Fed will set for the near future, and it is likely that investors will wait until the meeting concludes tomorrow to truly establish next steps.Elsewhere, Silicon Valley experienced a leadership shakeup this morning as the founder of Instagram announced they were leaving FacebookFB, which bought the picture-sharing platform in 2012. Reports have suggested the Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg's increasing presence at Instagram caused a rift between the leaders.Other major stories from Tuesday morning include a fresh escalation in ongoing legal disputes between QualcommQCOMand AppleAAPL, with the former accusing the iPhone maker of stealing trade secrets, and the latest analyst sentiment regarding AMDAMDafter its recent monumental run.The first half of today's Free Lunch focuses on these new stories. Make sure to check out Ryan's recap of the headlines!Later, the host returns to a conversation about the evolving nature of the media industry. The NetflixNFLX-led streaming revolution has changed what it means to be a content producer, and that means traditional media conglomerates have been forced to adapt.Media conglomerates have underperformed the SP 500 for years, and Wall Street is likely looking for the evolution of the business to result in stronger outcomes soon. Consolidation has been an answer for some, as evidenced by ATTTand Time Warner's merger and the pending pairing of DisneyDISand most of 21stCentury FoxFOXA.But is that the only direction for media to move? And where does that leave competitors like ViacomVIAB? Ryan answers these questions, and several more, on the second half of today's show!More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportViacom Inc. (VIAB): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportQUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM): Free Stock Analysis ReportATT Inc. (T): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:VIAB,DIS,NFLX,FB,QCOM
FB	9/25/2018 2:45:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Twitter (TWTR) Reports Bug for the Second Time in a Year	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/twitter-twtr-reports-bug-for-the-second-time-in-a-year-cm1027767	Shutterstock photoTwitterTWTRrecently announced that the company found a bug, the second time this year, which may have exposed customers' direct messages and personal tweets to unauthorized developers.Notably, in May this year, the company advised users to change their passwords after Twitter found a bug that was storing users' passwords in an unencrypted format.Shares of Twitter gained 18.7%, underperforming the industry's rise of 21.7% after the company announced the news.Bug ExposedApplication program interface (API) developed by Twitter's registered developers helps businesses better connect with their customers on the platform. However, the bug allowed other Twitter registered developers' access to customers' direct interaction with businesses. Possibly affected businesses include airlines and delivery services.Twitter notified that the bug, which was active from March 2017, was detected on Sep 10, following which necessary actions were taken. Notably, the company directly contacted the users, whose accounts might have been affected. However, the users were not immediately notified of the bug, per TechCrunch.Twitter in its statement revealed that less than 1% of the people were affected. With 335 million monthly average users (MAUs) in second-quarter 2018, at least 3.4 million must have been affected.Moreover, Twitter came under further scrutiny by Brazil's top electoral court after 16 users openly celebrated the "near-fatal assassination attempt on presidential candidate Jair Bolsonaro."Reportedly, Twitter will be fined $12,345 for the company's delay to hand over the data of the 16 users, per TechCrunch.We note that Twitter along with FacebookFBand Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogle are under constant scrutiny over repeated failures to secure the platform.Twitter Tries to Keep its Platform SafeTwitter is trying to curb the spread of news that may negatively impact its users, especially before the 2018 U.S. mid-term elections.The company recently banned "conspiracy theorist" Alex Jones and his website Infowars from the platform. This comes after AppleAAPL, Alphabet's YouTube and Facebook prohibited Jones' channels and related videos.Additionally, Twitter also unveiledmeasuresto uphold user security by addressing the issue of abusive "trolls" on the platform. The social media provider revealed that instead of waiting for people to report such tweets, it will use behavioral signals to identify and limit their visibility.Moreover, the company's buyout of Francisco-based Smyte, which helps to stop online abuse, harassment, spam and protect user accounts, is helping the company to take the security measures a step forward.Twitter's proactive stance in eliminating malpractices on its platform through various initiatives is expected to drive top-line growth, going forward.Twitter currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,GOOGL,TWTR,AAPL
FB	9/25/2018 2:34:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Ahead Of The FOMC Meeting	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/ahead-of-the-fomc-meeting-cm1027779	Shutterstock photoToday's calendar holds the latestFederal Open Market Committee (FOMC)meeting in New York this morning, where the Fed will decide to bring a third quarter-point hike to its benchmark interest rate. The new range as of this official announcement tomorrow will be 2.00-2.25%, the highest we've seen since prior to the Great Recession.Historically speaking, a 2% rate is still quite low; the Fed is very interested in building up a buffer for future cyclical economic downturns without stifling growth by raising rates too high too fast. Fed Chair Jerome Powell seems to be in possession of former Fed Chair Janet Yellen's playbook (which was passed to her, largely, by her predecessor, Ben Bernanke), and investors appear to be overall quite comfortable with the pace. Tomorrow's rate rise in a veritable certainty, and market indexes trading up near all-time highs is all the proof we need that market participants are not bothered by the Fed's actions.We see some slowing down in housing rates, and jobs numbers - while stellar in every comparative metric - have begun to slow the pace of growth in an uncommonly tightened workforce. Near-term, challenges related to the flood and damage recovery from Hurricane Florence in the coastal Carolinas, and longer-term fallout from myriad trade-deal static in the U.S. look to be the only reasonable headwinds on the horizon. Thus, we don't see any reason at all for the Fed to tack a different course.After the market opens today, we'll see "new"Case-Shillerhousing numbers from July; the comprehensive study showed growth of 6.2% in last month's read. We also expect SeptemberConsumer Confidencenumbers, which are expected to remain steady at just over 133.Instagram Co-Founders Leaving FacebookPrior to this morning's open, the biggest story is that the co-founders of Instagram are reportedly leavingFacebookFB, which had acquired the social media platform back in 2012. Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, whose Instagram company has provided the growth engine for Facebook of late - especially following the exodus from Facebook in the wake of data fraud and manipulation which has dogged Facebook since the 2016 General Election - have chosen to leave the company. Instagram currently has over 1 billion users on its own.Reports are that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been taking a growing interest in the day-to-day operations at Instagram, and it would stand to reason that this has at least partly generated the conflict between the parties. No specifics have yet been given as to the exact explanation why the co-founders are leaving the parent company.Facebook sharesare currently down about 2.3% in the pre-market, and are roughly flat over the past year.Even before this big news began the day for us, Facebook was already listed as today's Bear of the Day.Click here for more.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EconomyReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/25/2018 2:29:42 PM	NULL	NULL	Profit From This Outrageous Reaction in Facebook Stock	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/profit-from-this-outrageous-reaction-in-facebook-stock-cm1027884	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsFacebook(NASDAQ:FB) has become the stock Wall Street loves to hate. It falls on headlines that, in the past, wouldn't even budge Mark ZuckerbergCo. This morning, Facebook stock fell 3% on a headline that Instagram's founders are leaving the company. I bet most people wouldn't even know their names yet, here it is affecting FB as if the company had reported another bad quarter. There are many reasons why people leave a company, so therein lies the opportunity.I was lucky enough to have closed a long position yesterday for a short scalp opportunity. I will reset it on this morning's dip and make it an early entry into a bullish position into Facebook's next earnings report.No, I will not buy the shares at $161 and leave no room for error. Instead, I use Facebook's options market where I can minimize my out-of-pocket expenses. In this pair trade, the first trade is designed to capture the upside potential in Facebook stock; the second is to finance the bet.FB earnings will be a binary event as all earnings reports are. Even if we know the company results, we don't know how investors will react to them. But in the long run, Facebook is a company with more than a billion users engaged on their platform for hours at a time every day.8 Stocks to Sell as Each Forms a Death CrossThere is definite potential here since FB stock is not expensive. Shares trade at 22X trailing 12 months price-earnings (P/E) ratio. This is half as expense asAlphabet(NASDAQ:GOOGL). It's even cheaper thanTwitter(NYSE:TWTR) and FB is a far better earner than Twitter stock.The stock looks broken, sure, but the company is not. I don't like how management is totally apologetic about its money-making ability. They are too worried about saving face. But in the end, they do have a responsibility to their shareholders, so FB will strive to make as much money as possible.I do worry about the extent they are going to strip their content of offensive posts but, in the end, this too shall pass.Technically, FB stock has support down to $150 per share. But if it's lost, that could invite more sellers. I don't anticipate it happening unless the markets, in general, correct as well.Long term, I expect Facebook to not only survive but to thrive. This is a company that owns many platforms that have close to a billion users as well. In other words, it has too much potential to fail, so I am confident that if I buy Facebook stock I will profit for years to come.The Upside Potential:Buy FB $180/$185 debit call spread for 95 cents per contract. I need the Facebook stock price to rally past my strikes to profit. To mitigate my out-of-pocket risk, I sell downside risk into proven support.The Bank:Sell FB Nov $140 put and collect $1.50 to open. If the price stays above my puts, then I am a winner already. Otherwise, I own FB shares at a deep discount from here.Clickherefor more of my market thesis and get an ongoing free copy of my weekly newsletters.Nicolas Chahine is the managing director ofSellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him as @racernic ontwitterandstocktwits.More From InvestorPlaceThe 10 Best Stocks to Buy Right Now7 Activist Stocks for Investors to Consider30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns Green5 Income ETFs That Will Strengthen Any PortfolioCompare BrokersThe postProfit From This Outrageous Reaction in Facebook Stockappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AAPL,AMZN,FB,GOOGL,GOOG
FB	9/25/2018 2:29:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Snapchat Partners Amazon, Strengthens E-commerce Strategy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/snapchat-partners-amazon-strengthens-e-commerce-strategy-cm1027789	Shutterstock photoSnap Inc.SNAP, the parent of camera-application Snapchat, recently announced that it is rolling out a new feature that will enable people to use the app camera for searching products on AmazonAMZN.With the help of Snapchat's camera, users can scan a product or a barcode, which then displays a card showing that product and similar ones available on Amazon. On tapping the selected item, users will be redirected to the app or the web portal where they can complete the transaction.Reportedly, Snap isbringing the feature first to a small percentage of domestic users and will roll it out to other countries eventually.How is Snap Poised to Benefit?Snap is evolving into a social platform from a mere photo or video sharing application and its e-commerce strategy is a step toward that direction.Notably, Snap's visual product search feature will help to create diverse offerings for its audience rather than restricting them to a messaging platform. Moreover, collaborating with a bigwig like Amazon will help the company attract more users.We note that Snap is leaving no stone unturned to turn around its fortunes. The company's daily active users (DAU) decreased by nearly 3 million sequentially to 188 million in the second quarter of 2018. North America DAU was 80 million, down 1.2% sequentially.Management stated that the sequential decline was due to the lower usage of the Snapchat application, primarily due to the redesign, which received significant negative response.The decline is a concern as it makes the platform less attractive to advertisers. We note that advertisements contribute significantly to the company's revenues.The new partnership may therefore become a new revenue stream for the company. Although no financial details regarding the tie-up have been shared by the companies, Snap might earn a transactional fee placed on the orders originating through its platform.Furthermore, the camera search feature will help Snap compete directly with Pinterest's Lens, a similar tool that recognizes objects and brings up related content.Most importantly, it will help the company compete with FacebookFBowned, Instagram which is now allowing users in 46 countries to shop directly from Stories posts, a feature that the social media giant has been testing since June. Additionally, Instagram announced the launch of a Shopping tab in the Explore page that will expand globally in the coming weeks.Snap Inc. PriceSnap Inc. Price|Snap Inc. QuoteZacks Rank and A Key PickCurrently, Snap has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).A better-ranked stock in the broader technology sector is Paycom SoftwarePAYC, sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here.Long-term earnings growth rate for Paycom is currently projected to be 25.5%.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportPaycom Software, Inc. (PAYC): Free Stock Analysis ReportSnap Inc. (SNAP): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,FB,PAYC,SNAP
FB	9/25/2018 2:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-GE, McDonald's, Jabil, Tilray, Automakers	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocks-on-the-movege-mcdonalds-jabil-tilray-automakers-20180925-01115	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}The Day Aheadnewsletter:The Morning News Callnewsletter:U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as the boost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence data helped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive shares ahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hikeThe top three SP 500  percentage gainers:** Abiomed Inc, up 4.5 pct** CF Industries Holdings Inc, up 2.7 pct** Northrop Grumman Corp, up 2.7 pctThe top three SP 500  percentage losers:** Centurylink Inc, down 7.5 pct** A. O. Smith Corp, down 4.8 pct** Microchip Technology Inc, down 4.1 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage gainers:** XO Group Inc, up 25.8 pct** Intelsat S.A., up 17.6 pct** Marine Products Corp, up 14.6 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage losers:** Pedevco Corp, down 20.4 pct** New Concept Energy Inc, down 19.7 pct** Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc, down 12.8 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage gainers:** Jaguar Health Inc, up 220 pct** Applied Genetic Technologies Corp, up 33.6 pct** Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB, up 32.3 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage losers:** SAExploration Holdings Inc, down 50.3 pct** TG Therapeutics Inc, down 36.8 pct** Xenetic Biosciences Inc, down 20.9 pct**FacebookInc: down 0.2 pctInstagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exitFacebook: Drops as Instagram co-founders resign** Comcast Corp: up 0.2 pctComcast crosses 30 percent Sky threshold after buying shares** Intel Corp: down 1.9 pct** Analog Devices Inc: down 2.5 pct** Microchip Technology Inc: down 4.1 pctSemiconductor stocks down on Raymond James downgrade** Square Inc: up 9.4 pct** Paychex Inc: down 1.9 pct** Automatic Data Processing: down 1.1 pctSquare: Analysts hike targets, see growth aheadSquare hits record high on new Payroll App; Intuit, ADP, Paychex fall** General Motors Co: down 3.2 pct** Ford Motor Co: down 1.8 pct** Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.: down 1.5 pct** Autoliv Inc: down 5.0 pct** Visteon Corp: down 3.5 pct** BorgWarner Inc: down 2.5 pctU.S. automakers, parts makers dip on BMW profit warning** Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 5.3 pctSyndax: Tumbles after update on cancer drug in mid-stage study** XO Group Inc: up 25.8 pctXO Group: Jumps after go-pvt deal** MiMedx Group Inc: down 4.8 pctMiMedx: Diabetic foot ulcer trial using umbilical cord shows promise** Oxford Immunotec Global PLC: up 16.6 pctOxford Immunotec: Up as Quest Diagnostics agrees to buy co's U.S. lab services unit** Aurora Cannabis Inc: up 5.4 pctAurora Cannabis Inc: Up on strong fourth-quarter results** Tandem Diabetes Care Inc: up 8.5 pctTandem Diabetes Care: Up on increased sales forecast** Workiva Inc: up 6.0 pctWorkiva stock gets a raise as Baird promotes to "outperform"** Sonic Corp: up 18.4 pctSonic: Jumps as Inspire Brands to acquire co for $1.57 bln** Basic Energy Services Inc: up 10.7 pctBasic Energy Services: Eyes biggest one-day climb in nearly a year** AnaptysBio Inc: down 6.4 pctAnaptysBio: Bottom of biotech index on $200 mln stock deal** Holly Energy Partners LP: down 5.7 pctHolly Energy Partners: Slips as Barclays downgrades to 'underweight'** A. O. Smith Corp: down 4.9 pctAt yr-low as SunTrust warns of China growth slowdown** General Electric Co: down 4.0 pctGE dips below 9-yr low as turbine blade problem lingers** NII Holdings Inc: up 4.7 pctNII Holdings: Jumps on report TIM discussed a bid for Nextel** WT Offshore Inc: up 0.8 pctWT Offshore: Rises on sale of non-core asset** McDonald's Corp: up 2.3 pctMcDonald's: Cowen sees market share gains, but wary of raising estimates** American Outdoor Brands Corp: up 2.9 pct** Tesla Inc: down 0.9 pctTesla is making its own car carriers** MarshMcLennan Companies Inc: down 0.9 pctMarshMcLennan: Raymond James downgrades by two notches to "underperform"** Alcoa Corp: down 1.2 pctAlcoa: Setting up for another miss** Jabil Inc: down 9.2 pctJabil Inc: Forecast Q1 revenue above estimates** Jaguar Health Inc: up 220.0 pctJaguar Health: Surges on partnering with Canada'sKnight Therapeutics** Tilray Inc: up 15.3 pctTilray: To snap 3-day losing streak on Australia medical cannabis deal** Applied DNA Sciences IncAPDN.O: up 8.9 pctApplied DNA: Soars as co expands its cannabis tagging system** TG Therapeutics Inc: down 36.8 pctTG Therapeutics: Slips as co drops plans to seek speedy approval for leukemia drug** Michael Kors Holdings Ltd: up 1.4 pctMichael Kors: Down after co confirms deal to buy Versace** CenturyLink Inc: down 7.5 pctCenturyLink: CFO exit timing "not ideal", but co "in good hands"CenturyLink: Biggest drop in 2 years on surprise CFO exit** Gemphire Therapeutics Inc: down 3.1 pctGemphire Therapeutics: Plunges on job cuts, including top executives** Cypress Semiconductor Corp: down 6.2 pctCypress Semiconductor: KeyBanc downgrades on margin concerns** Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 3.1 pctReata Pharmaceuticals: Gains as kidney drug meets trial goal** Sirius XM Holdings: down 0.1 pct** Pandora Media Inc: up 0.2 pctStreet View: SiriusXM finally bites Pandora MediaWedbush says investor reaction makes Sirius-Pandora deal unlikely** Amazon.com Inc: up 1.3 pct** Signet Jewelers Ltd: up 0.4 pct** TiffanyCo: down 0.4 pctPandora: Amazon competition threat weighsAmazon cashierless stores to pressure retail REITs -Jefferies** Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 17.9 pctOpiant Pharma: Stock offering priced at discount** Verastem Inc: down 15.1 pctVerastem: Jumps after FDA approves blood cancer drug** Science Applications International Corp: up 2.9 pctSAIC: Jefferies upgrades on boost from Engility buy** Pluristem Therapeutics Inc: up 3.1 pctPluristem: Gets FDA's orphan status for cell therapy in additional indications** Canopy Growth Corp: up 2.9 pctCanopy Growth: Benchmark starts with 'buy', sets highest PT on Street** Ascena Retail Group Inc: up 13.2 pctAscena Retail Group: Jumps on big Q4 comp sales beat** Digital Realty Trust Inc: down 1.7 pctDigital Realty: Falls on discounted stock offeringThe 11 major SP 500 sectors:Consumer Discretionaryup 0.32 pctConsumer Staplesdown 0.67 pctEnergyup 0.61 pctFinancialdown 0.38 pctHealthdown 0.16 pctIndustrialdown 0.32 pctInformation Technologydown 0.19 pctMaterialsdown 0.46 pctReal Estatedown 0.05 pctTeleservicesup 0.13 pctUtilitiesdown 1.31 pctThis article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:AA,
FB	9/25/2018 2:12:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Instagram Co-Founders Leaving Facebook	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-co-founders-leaving-facebook-cm1027793	Shutterstock photoTuesday, September 25, 2018Today's calendar holds the latestFederal Open Market Committee (FOMC)meeting in New York this morning, where the Fed will decide to bring a third quarter-point hike to its benchmark interest rate. The new range as of this official announcement tomorrow will be 2.00-2.25%, the highest we've seen since prior to the Great Recession.Historically speaking, a 2% rate is still quite low; the Fed is very interested in building up a buffer for future cyclical economic downturns without stifling growth by raising rates too high too fast. Fed Chair Jerome Powell seems to be in possession of former Fed Chair Janet Yellen's playbook (which was passed to her, largely, by her predecessor, Ben Bernanke), and investors appear to be overall quite comfortable with the pace. Tomorrow's rate rise in a veritable certainty, and market indexes trading up near all-time highs is all the proof we need that market participants are not bothered by the Fed's actions.We see some slowing down in housing rates, and jobs numbers - while stellar in every comparative metric - have begun to slow the pace of growth in an uncommonly tightened workforce. Near-term, challenges related to the flood and damage recovery from Hurricane Florence in the coastal Carolinas, and longer-term fallout from myriad trade-deal static in the U.S. look to be the only reasonable headwinds on the horizon. Thus, we don't see any reason at all for the Fed to tack a different course.After the market opens today, we'll see "new"Case-Shillerhousing numbers from July; the comprehensive study showed growth of 6.2% in last month's read. We also expect SeptemberConsumer Confidencenumbers, which are expected to remain steady at just over 133.Instagram Co-Founders Leaving FacebookPrior to this morning's open, the biggest story is that the co-founders of Instagram are reportedly leavingFacebookFB, which had acquired the social media platform back in 2012. Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, whose Instagram company has provided the growth engine for Facebook of late - especially following the exodus from Facebook in the wake of data fraud and manipulation which has dogged Facebook since the 2016 General Election - have chosen to leave the company. Instagram currently has over 1 billion users on its own.Reports are that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been taking a growing interest in the day-to-day operations at Instagram, and it would stand to reason that this has at least partly generated the conflict between the parties. No specifics have yet been given as to the exact explanation why the co-founders are leaving the parent company.Facebook sharesare currently down about 2.3% in the pre-market, and are roughly flat over the past year.Even before this big news began the day for us, Facebook was already listed as today's Bear of the Day.Click here for more.Mark VickerySenior EditorQuestions or comments about this article and/or its author? Click hereMore Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportSPDR-DJ IND AVG (DIA): ETF Research ReportsSPDR-SP 500 TR (SPY): ETF Research ReportsNASDAQ-100 SHRS (QQQ): ETF Research ReportsTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,DIA,SPY,QQQ
FB	9/25/2018 2:00:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Can Twitter Keep Growing Daily Users?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/can-twitter-keep-growing-daily-users-cm1027624	Twitter(NYSE:TWTR) has shown double-digit daily active user growth on a percentage   basis for seven straight quarters. What makes that more   impressive is that Twitter has grown monthly active users just 2%   since the first quarter of 2017, and a compound annual growth   rate of just 3% over the last two years. Last quarter, Twitter   saw a sequential decline in monthly active users, a repeat of the   second quarter last year.But even without practically any monthly active user growth,   CFO Ned Segal is still confident Twitter can continue to deliver   double-digit daily user growth. Should investors take his word   for it?A lot of room to improveIn Twitter's second-quarter letter to shareholders, management   noted that the platform's DAU/MAU ratio is still "well below"   50%. To put that in perspective,Facebook's (NASDAQ: FB) DAU/MAU ratio is about 66%.Facebook hasn't been able to surpass the 66% mark, but it's   remained completely steady over the last few years. Twitter,   meanwhile, has steadily increased its ratio, and Segal fully   expects that trend to continue.But Twitter has historically had a low DAU/MAU ratio. When the   company filed its S-1 with the SEC, the company said it had 215   monthly active users and 100 million daily users. That's a ratio   of 46.5%.At the company's analysts day in 2014, management said its   DAU/MAU ratio in its top 20 markets was 48% through the first   three quarters of the year. In the second quarter of 2015, that   percentage fell to 44%. Management has repeatedly made comments   about "stable" DAU/MAU ratios in its earnings call over the last   few years.While Twitter's DAU/MAU ratio is trending in the right   direction, there's nothing to suggest it could reach levels   comparable with Facebook. Facebook's 66% ratio is likely helped   by including Messenger users as well as users who share content   on Facebook via other apps. If history is any indication, Twitter   will likely top out around 50%.Without any specific details, though, it's hard to tell how much room there is to grow.Image source: Twitter. Copyright Aaron Durand (@everydaydude) for Twitter, Inc.The top of the funnel is "strong"Segal pointed out at a recent investor conference that Twitter   still sees about 2 million people log into Twitter every day who   haven't logged in within the last 30 days.One-third of   those people are new users. He says that indicates people are   still attracted to Twitter, and the company simply needs to do   more to convert them into regular users.Segal has been sharing that point for about a year now, and if   you consider thebig-picture implicationsof that data point, it's not a good sign for Twitter. That number   implies that Twitter sees about 20 million new users per month,   but with monthly active users relatively flat, it also implies   that Twitter loses 20 million users per month. Despite the   ability to attract users to the platform, Twitter isn't doing a   good job at user retention, and despite a focus on that problem   for a long time, Twitter hasn't shown meaningful progress.With an unclear ability to continue growing DAU as a   percentage of MAU and an inability to keep users from abandoning   the platform, there's no telling when Twitter's uptick in daily   user growth will come to a halt. Even if Twitter can exceed its   historical ceiling on converting MAUs into DAUs, it can't keep   growing without eventually showing improvements in monthly users.   And it won't be able to do that unless it solves retention   problems. Until management provides a meaningful update on   improved user retention or shows a significant uptick in monthly   users, investors shouldn't expect Twitter's double-digit daily   user growth to last.10 stocks we like better than TwitterWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Twitter wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018Adam Levyowns shares of Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends Facebook and Twitter. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:TWTR,FB
FB	9/25/2018 1:36:00 PM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as energy gains offset losses in chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-losses-in-chip-stocks-20180925-01067	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ or typeLIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Energy stocks jump asoil priceshit 4-year high* Intel, other chipmakers hit by broker rating cuts* Banks flat, utilities drop ahead of expected rate hike* Indexes up: 0.04 pct, SP 0.01 pct, Nasdaq 0.12 pct (Changes comment, updates prices, adds details)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as theboost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence datahelped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive sharesahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hike.Energy stocks .SPNY jumped 0.89 percent, the most amongthe 11 major SP sectors, as Brent oil hit a four-year high,boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranian exports, and OPECand Russia's reluctance to raise output. O/RU.S. consumer confidence unexpectedly rose in September,lifting it closer to levels last seen in 2000, the ConferenceBoard said, underscoring strength in the labor market andoverall economy. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WB0GLThat lifted the consumer discretionary index .SPLRCD up0.46 percent, making it the biggest boost to all three of WallStreet's main indexes."A lot of the noise around trade and anything else aroundpolitics really hasn't suppressed consumer confidence nearly tothe degree that the other factors have boosted it," said MikeDowdall, investment strategist for BMO Global Asset Management,in Chicago.The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.73percent, weighing on the technology sector .SPLRCT , afterbrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on anumber of chipmakers.Helping the market pull back from slight losses wasFacebookFB.O . The stock was marginally lower after falling more than 2percent earlier in the day on resignation of Instagramco-founders. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB3A0At 12:50 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 11.14 points, or 0.04 percent, at 26,573.19, the SP 500 .SPX was up 0.37 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,919.74 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 9.79 points, or 0.12 percent, at8,003.04."There is a bit of range in trading as people get ready forthe Fed meeting tomorrow," said Dowdall.Financials .SPSY , including bank stocks .BKX , gave upearlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected rate hike bythe Fed on Wednesday.Utilities .SPLRCU slid 1.47 percent and consumer staples .SPLRCS 0.53 percent.IntelINTC.O fell 2.0 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock.NikeNKE.N was up 0.8 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults, expected after the bell.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 7 percent after Chief FinancialOfficer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprise move to joinT-Mobile TMUS.O to oversee its integration with SprintS.N .T-Mobile was up 0.2 percent and Sprint 0.7 percent.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.08-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and by a 1.26-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 31 new 52-week highs and eight newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 55 new highs and 39 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:CTL,
FB	9/25/2018 1:36:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Wall St flat as energy gains offset losses in chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-losses-in-chip-stocks-20180925-01066	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as the boost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence data helped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive shares ahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hike.Energy stocks  jumped 0.89 percent, the most among the 11 major SP sectors, as Brent oil hit a four-year high, boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranian exports, and OPEC and Russia's reluctance to raise output.That lifted the consumer discretionary index  up 0.46 percent, making it the biggest boost to all three of Wall Street's main indexes."A lot of the noise around trade and anything else around politics really hasn't suppressed consumer confidence nearly to the degree that the other factors have boosted it," said Mike Dowdall, investment strategist for BMO Global Asset Management, in Chicago.The Philadelphia semiconductor index  dropped 1.73 percent, weighing on the technology sector, after brokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on a number of chipmakers.Helping the market pull back from slight losses wasFacebook. The stock was marginally lower after falling more than 2 percent earlier in the day on resignation of Instagram co-founders.At 12:50 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was up 11.14 points, or 0.04 percent, at 26,573.19, the SP 500  was up 0.37 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,919.74 and the Nasdaq Composite  was up 9.79 points, or 0.12 percent, at 8,003.04."There is a bit of range in trading as people get ready for the Fed meeting tomorrow," said Dowdall.Financials, including bank stocks, gave up earlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected rate hike by the Fed on Wednesday.Utilities  slid 1.47 percent and consumer staples  0.53 percent.Intel  fell 2.0 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock.Nike  was up 0.8 percent ahead of its quarterly results, expected after the bell.CenturyLink  tumbled 7 percent after Chief Financial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprise move to join T-Mobile  to oversee its integration with Sprint.T-Mobile was up 0.2 percent and Sprint 0.7 percent.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.08-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and by a 1.26-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 31 new 52-week highs and eight new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 55 new highs and 39 new lows.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:CTL,
FB	9/25/2018 1:32:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Penumbra, Facebook, Softbank, Sony and Honda Motor highlighted as Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/penumbra-facebook-softbank-sony-and-honda-motor-highlighted-as-zacks-bull-and-bear-of-the-day-cm1027650	Shutterstock photoFor Immediate ReleaseChicago, IL - September 25, 2018 -Zacks Equity ResearchPenumbraPENas the Bull of the Day, FacebookFBas the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis Softbank CorpSTFBY, Sony CorpSNEand Honda MotorHMC.Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:Bull of the Day:Penumbrais a $5 billion medical device company focused on interventional products for neurovascular and peripheral vascular diseases.The company leverages its expertise in catheter-based technology to develop access devices for treating strokes, aneurysms, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and other patient events caused by blood clots.Based in Alameda, CA, Penumbra sells its products to hospitals and clinics primarily through its direct sales organization in the United States, most of Europe, Canada and Australia, and through distributors in select international markets.On August 7, the company reported Q2 earnings and delivered a 400% EPS beat as well as raising sales guidance with total 2018 revenue to be in the range of $420 million to $425 million, vs. the previous range of $410 million to $415 million.You would not have guessed those kind of results looking at the stock reaction the next day when shares plunged 16% from $148 to $124 on 3 times the normal volume.But it probably had something to do with investors getting nervous that maybe the growth estimates and guidance weren't really good enough to justify the steep valuation.Growth Catches Up with the ValuationThe company made a strong swing to sustainable profitability this year on the back of projected 27.5% sales growth from last year's $333 million to over $425 million in revenue.The profit surge -- from last year's loss of 1-cent to a current estimate of +$0.34 -- caught analysts way off guard. We know this because in the last two quarters, the company delivered consecutive 400% EPS beats.And that's why the stock is a Zacks #1 Rank as analysts scrambled to raise full-year 2018 EPS estimates 70%, since the early August quarterly report, from $0.20 to $0.34.Additionally, 2019 top-line estimates are currently looking for over 20% growth to a record $500 million, giving Penumbra a 10X price-to-sales ratio.This sales advance is expected to translate to the bottom line next year with 72% EPS growth to $0.59. At $150 per share, that would put the forward P/E multiple under 300X.That's still rich, but characteristic of med-tech companies with key patents and strong sales growth.Bear of the Day:Facebookhas fallen into the cellar of the Zacks Rank because analysts keep lowering their EPS estimates, trying to keep up with the digital advertising giant's "reversal of growth."Even though that downturn is more self-inflicted than caused by celebrities inspiring the masses to #deletefacebook, the path of transformation and reinvention for Mark Zuckerberg's dream machine will result in slower revenue and earnings growth for possibly another year as the company builds a better friend machine.What was self-inflicted?The company's own realization in 2017 that they needed to control two flows of dis-information and potential tribalism:(1) the ad buyers who could target specific audiences with destructive or manipulative messaging (i.e., "fake news")(2) the individual users and groups who could spread their dis-information and political propaganda, even hate speech, without recourseAnd ZuckCo. also realized they couldn't limit the virulent effect of "bots" without also reengineering their own algorithms.In short, the mea culpa for being involved in massive political warfare -- sometimes even promoting hate groups -- has brought the mighty influence machine to a reckoning where costs are rising, less advertising is being accepted (i.e., lower revenues), and many users and former users have noticed the new restrictive nature of "big brother" Alphabet's (GOOGL) "little brother."I discussed these techno-cultural dynamics in my July podcast and article...Facebook Faceplant: First Large-Scale AI FailStill a Growth MachineAll this said, the company is still estimated to grow sales over 36% this year to $55+ billion.And even next year still looks great in analyst binoculars with a 24.5% top line advance to a record $69 billion.EPS growth -- despite the rising costs of hiring many thousands of human "social police" to watch the ads and content streams -- is expected to hit +14% this year and next.And this after 2018 EPS estimates fell from $7.66 to $7.08 in the past 60 days, while 2019 profit projections dropped over 13% from $9.33 to $8.09.Yet still, these consensus projections from dozens of Wall Street investment banks for the #2 digital ad powerhouse, with over 2 billion monthly active users (MAU) worldwide, are what will keep large growth investors buyingFacebook sharesat these levels and lower as the company reinvents its platform for the better and innovates to monetize Instagram advertising.In fact, those large funds, whether its David Tepper's Appaloosa, Andreas Halvorsen's Viking Global, or Steve Mandel's Lone Pine Capital won't mind the dips at all.We joined them in March on the first dip to back to $150 and we sold above $190 in myTAZR Traderportfolio. I always believed that ZuckCo. knew what they had to do to make the social media ecosystem a better environment for friends, family, entrepreneurs and even the occasional political affiliation.And I'll probably do it again after we get the first sign that estimates have bottomed and are about to turn upward again.The Zacks Rank will let us know.Additional content:NAFTA Players Barter as Market Trades: Global Week     AheadIn the Global Week Ahead, NAFTA talks may become a big item. Our neighbor to the North is keenly focused on this. Read on.Here's a quote from Scotiabank's FX team in   Canada-"We don't think that a US-Mexico agreement that excludes   Canada is a viable threat. The agreed upon 75% local content   requirement for the auto sector would be unattainable for US   plants that use a lot of Canadian content if Canada is excluded   from the deal, and therefore the US and Mexico would need to   renegotiate auto content requirements and by corollary perhaps   the minimum wage tie-in."The NAFTA agreement requires Trump to deliver a notice of   intent to withdraw six months in advance of possibly doing so. It   appears that the President does not have sole authority to make   the withdrawal call six months later. He may need Congressional   approval to do so-and the new 2019 Congress, where the GOP may   not have majorities in both houses, would be unlikely to provide   it. So the most likely scenario after failure to reach agreement   would likely be a prolonged state of purgatory as NAFTA 1.0   remains in place."Here is what the Canadians wrote on the U.S.-China tariff   tit-for-tat…"It is possible that China's non-US trading partners will   benefit from the spat and that China may well 'win' over the   longer term. Premier Li guided this past week that he intends to   cut import tariffs on broad imports again after having done so   previously in July."The effect is likely to be two-fold. For one, it fits into   the picture of China having its own 'whatever it takes' moment to   coin the Mario Draghi phrase. China is acting to stabilize   markets and ease policy and the country has among the greatest   degrees of policy flexibility anywhere. Reducing import levies,   which drops consumer prices, could well stimulate domestic   consumption."Both Canada and China are going to game the midterms, in short.Away from NAFTA talks, here are five big Reuters' world market themes. These are likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week. I put them in order of importance for equity markets.They are all rate-related this week, as the Fed meeting brings focus to fixed income markets everywhere.1. U.S Treasuries have broken 3.0%U.S. Treasuries - and maybe financial markets across the world - are at a critical juncture.The bond selloff is gathering pace, pushing 10-year yields above 3 percent to the highest since May and within sight of levels last seen in 2011.Is this the breakout, the reversal of the 30-year bull market, that some people have spent years predicting? If 10-year yields break above 3.128 percent, that view will gain credence. There are still plenty of political, fundamental and relative valuation reasons for buying bonds. But once a market move picks up momentum, it can be hard to stop.The 10-year Treasury yield matters because it is the rate against which trillions of dollars of borrowing around the world are referenced. It touches every market in the world.But markets, curiously, are not paying as much attention as one would expect. Wall Street sailed to new highs in the past days, emerging market stocks are up four weeks out of the last five, and market volatility remains low. Even Treasury market volatility.It could get more interesting in the coming week.2. The Fed hikes and issues a presserA rate hike at the U.S. Federal Reserve's Sept. 25-26 policy meeting is all but certain - taking the rate to 2.00 percent-2.25 percent. And the odds have also increased for a December rise and more bumps up into 2019.But market watchers have already turned their attention to the question of when to call the next economic downturn.The traditional indicator is the yield curve inverting - in the United States this has been a pretty accurate predictor of recessions. However, another interesting sign could be read from the relationship between the fed funds rate and employment.The fed funds rate has risen above the employment rate ahead of prior recessions - and the unemployment rate, currently 3.9 percent, is now near the lowest in 18 years.So the fed funds rate and the employment rate are still a far bit apart. But they are inching closer and another hike will trim the gap a little bit more.3. Mainland China may ease it reserve requirement ratios   -- RRRMuch of the emerging market universe is in a rush to tighten monetary policy, but in China speculation is rife that authorities will ease reserve requirement ratios (RRR) again.For one, the pattern of this year's RRR cuts has been a quarterly one. Second the economy has been looking more sluggish. And finally, new U.S. tariffs of 10 percent on about $200 billion of Chinese products will kick in on Sept. 24, rising to 25 percent by year-end. China's retaliatory tariffs on 5,207 U.S. products also enter into force in the coming week.With trade wars set to take a toll on the economy, Chinese authorities, despite a campaign to curb risky financing, may have little choice but to provide support. Not via any grand stimulus plan, but through targeted measures, such as cutting RRRs.The problem is that monetary easing will pressure the yuan, which is not far below the key 7-per-dollar level, the rate that in past years tended to inflame capital outflows. Those outflow fears are less than they used to be. But policymakers will still have to tread carefully.4. Italian DebtD-day looms for Italian government debt markets. Known as BTPs, the bonds are trading nervously before the Sept. 27 deadline for Italy's coalition government to present details of its 2019 budget. Focus will be on the budget deficit, the cause of months of investor angst.In one corner is economy minister Giovanni Tria. Unaffiliated to any party, Tria has assured markets he will keep the deficit below limits stipulated by the European Union - 3 percent of annual GDP. That pushed Italian risk premiums steadily lower over the summer - 10-year yields are more than 50 bps off end-May highs.But Tria is up against coalition cohorts Luigi Di Maio and Matteo Salvini, deputy prime ministers, who have become increasingly vocal in urging more spending to meet election promises.The horse-trading has raised market volatility. But longer-term, a rules-busting budget that raises conflict with the EU, could trigger a credit ratings downgrade and foreign investor exodus. And all that could hit just as the ECB's bond-buying program nears its end.5. Did the Emerging Market tornado blow itself   out?Don't say it too loudly, but the emerging market tornado might just have blown itself out.The principal reason is the dollar's sudden loss of power, as well as China's reassurance that yuan devaluation is not on the cards.But the coming week could make or break the rebound - hinging on whether the Fed meeting ends up recharging the dollar or if Beijing's retaliation to U.S. trade tariffs is harsher than it has signaled.But there have been other changes, too - for instance Turkey's whopping interest rate rise that stabilized the lira and signs of progress in Argentina's talks over an IMF loan. Some prominent investors have also said the selloff might be overdone - many currencies are trading well below what could be considered fair value.There is a blizzard of data from the likes of Brazil and India and plenty of central bank meetings too and it will be copper powerhouse Chile's turn to lay out its budget.Top Zacks Rank Stocks-I noticed three Japanese stocks doing well this week.It's been a crummy year for this country's stock market. But is the bottom in?Their Prime Minister is likely to be the longest serving one it that nation's history. Political strength and stability brings benefits to markets.With U.S. stocks trading at rich valuations, this is a non-US market to position some cash, and wait for that inevitable rotation to better value.Softbank Corp:This is classed as a wireless non-US stock. Its market cap is $107B. The Zacks Value score is B.Sony Corp:What Japanese stock list would be complete without this marque name? It's a $75B market cap stock. The Zacks Value score is B.Honda Motor:It's a $55B market cap stock. I can't imagine this group is not going to enter the electric and autonomous car race in a big way, in the coming years. The Zacks Value score is B.Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.comhttps://www.zacks.comZacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer.www.zacks.com/disclaimer.Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumedthat any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein andis subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The SP 500 is an unmanaged index. Visithttps://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportSony Corporation (SNE): Free Stock Analysis ReportHonda Motor Co., Ltd. (HMC): Free Stock Analysis ReportPenumbra, Inc. (PEN): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,SNE,HMC,PEN
FB	9/25/2018 1:01:50 PM	NULL	NULL	US Stock Futures Gain Traction Ahead of FOMC	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stock-futures-gain-traction-ahead-of-fomc-cm1027493	Shutterstock photoUS stock futures bounced back from Monday's lower close as simmering trade tensions between the US and China were overshadowed by gains in European bourses and strength in the energy complex as oil futures grind higher for a third consecutive day. Fueled by the expectation for the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to trim output, brent crude set a four-year high of $82.20 per barrel.Wall Street is also shifting its focus to the Federal Open Market Committee, which begins its two-day meeting Tuesday. Odds are in favor of a 25 basis point rate hike at Wednesday's conclusion, though the wild card is whether or not the Fed adjusts its "dot-plot" for 2019 to reflect increasing inflationary pressures.As phase two of US trade restrictions on Chinese imports take effect, Beijing turned up the rhetoric against the US, but has yet to impose any heavy-handed restrictions on US imports. Although China's Shanghai Composite Index returned from Monday's holiday to trade lower, the poor price action was limited to Asia, allowing Europe to trade with modest gains.In corporate news, shares of Facebook (FB) are down by more than 2% before Tuesday's opening bell after the founders of Instagram resigned amid reported conflicts with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg.Data scheduled for Tuesday includes the July house price index and a similar index from Case Shiller, expected to increase 0.2% and 0.1% from June, respectively.At 10 am ET, the Conference Board's consumer confidence index is forecasted to decline to 132.2 from 133.4 in August, and the September Richmond Fed manufacturing index is expected to drop to 22 from 24, previously.-Dow Jones Industrial up 0.18%-SP 500 futures up 0.15%-Nasdaq 100 futures up 0.02%SENTIMENTNikkei up 0.29%Hang Seng was closedShanghai Composite down 0.58%FTSE-100 up 0.65%DAX-30 up 0.15%PRE-MARKET SECTOR WATCH(+) Large cap tech: Higher(+/-) Chip stocks: Mixed(+) Software stocks: Higher(+/-) Hardware stocks: Flat(+) Internet stocks: Higher(+) Oil stocks: Higher(+) Biotech stocks: Higher(+) Drug stocks: Higher(+) Financial stocks: Higher(+/-) Retail stocks: Mixed(+) Industrial stocks: Higher(+) Airlines: Higher(-) Autos: LowerUPSIDE MOVERS:(+) JONE (+41.41%) Regains NYSE continued listing compliance(+) ASNA (+19.70%) Q4 results beat expectations(+) RETA (+9.85%) Phase 2 trial meets endpoints in kidney functionDOWNSIDE MOVERS:(-) TGTX (-30.81%) Safety board declines to conduct analysis of response in phase 3 study(-) OPNT (-16.74%) Announced stock sale to raise funds for clinical programs(-) SNDX (-12.86%) Mid-stage entinostate/Keytruda trial for lung cancer fails to meet endpointThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.Copyright (C) 2016 MTNewswires.com. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction is strictly prohibited.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,JONE
FB	9/25/2018 12:57:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. Justice Dept meeting with state officials focuses on data privacy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-justice-dept-meeting-with-state-officials-focuses-on-data-privacy-20180925-01098	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Jan  Wolfe and Sarah N. LynchWASHINGTON, Sept 25 (Reuters) - A U.S. Justice Department "listening session" with state attorneys general on Tuesday focused on how the government can  safeguard consumers online, the Justice Department said after the meeting.The group made no immediate plans to file any case or open any investigation, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said after the meeting, which lasted about an hour.Becerra and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood said much of the discussion focused on whether privacy issues can be addressed using antitrust law."The conversation really zeroed in on privacy," Becerra said.Hood, whose office has already sued Google, said that he would like to see private information treated like intellectual property."There's a long history of antitrust litigation that has made the marketplace better," he said.The meeting, first announced on Sept. 5, was called by Sessions to discuss whether social media companies have intentionally stifled "the free exchange of ideas."The discussion had been expected to focus on companies likeFacebookInc, Twitter Inc  and Google owner Alphabet Inc, which have been accused by some conservatives of seeking to exclude their ideas.Hood said that a "minute" portion of the meeting was focused on the issue of potential, online political bias.Becerra said he expects a larger group of state attorneys general to address the issue at an upcoming meeting of the National Association of Attorneys General.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/25/2018 12:57:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. Justice Dept meeting with state officials focused on data privacy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-justice-dept-meeting-with-state-officials-focused-on-data-privacy-20180925-01033	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}U.S. Justice Dept meeting with state officials focuses on data privacyBy Jan  Wolfe and Sarah N. LynchWASHINGTON, Sept 25 (Reuters) - A U.S. Justice Department "listening session" with state attorneys general on Tuesday focused on how the government can  safeguard consumers online, the Justice Department said after the meeting.The group made no immediate plans to file any case or open any investigation, California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said after the meeting, which lasted about an hour.Becerra and Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood said much of the discussion focused on whether privacy issues can be addressed using antitrust law."The conversation really zeroed in on privacy," Becerra said.Hood, whose office has already sued Google, said that he would like to see private information treated like intellectual property."There's a long history of antitrust litigation that has made the marketplace better," he said.The meeting, first announced on Sept. 5, was called by Sessions to discuss whether social media companies have intentionally stifled "the free exchange of ideas."The discussion had been expected to focus on companies likeFacebookInc, Twitter Inc  and Google owner Alphabet Inc, which have been accused by some conservatives of seeking to exclude their ideas.Hood said that a "minute" portion of the meeting was focused on the issue of potential, online political bias.Becerra said he expects a larger group of state attorneys general to address the issue at an upcoming meeting of the National Association of Attorneys General.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/25/2018 12:53:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Facebook Flops, CenturyLink Slides, Intel Drops as Dow Bounces Back	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-flops-centurylink-slides-intel-drops-as-dow-bounces-back-cm1027505	One, Not Done. Trade concernsscuttled the Dow's rallyon Monday, but stocks weretrying to bounce backTuesday as attention turns to the Federal Reserve anda likely rate increaseon Wednesday. Michael Kors Holdings is buying Versace and changing its name, while Facebook is sliding following the departure of Instagram's co-founders. We'll be watchingNike, whichreports earnings after the close. In today's Morning Movers, we…Michael Haddad•…ponder rising bond yields ahead of tomorrow's Fed announcement;•…highlight Facebook's drop after the departure of Instagram's co-founders;•…and explain why CenturyLink is sliding.Yielding to Yields?Stocks are rising a bit this morning, as investors turn their attention from trade to tomorrow's Fed announcement.SP 500futures had risen 0.2% at 8:20 a.m. today, whileDow Jones Industrial Averagefutures were up 67 points, or 0.3%.Nasdaq Compositefutures advanced 0.2%.It's not much of a bounce back, but then again yesterday wasn't much of a selloff. And with so much more to focus on, trade probably isn't the main driver of the market anyway. "As I've said the market cares about corporate profits, economic data, and the coming Fed meeting (which takes place today and tomorrow and should conclude with a 25-basis points Fed funds rate increase)," writes Tigress Financial's Ivan Feinseth.The wild card in all this is how the bond market will respond not only to tomorrow's rate hike, which I'll go as far to call a sure thing, but what the Fed says about the economy and the future path of monetary policy. The 10-year Treasury yield has risen 0.024 percentage point to 3.10% this morning, and is approaching its high of the year. "Treasuries are back to the'temper tantrum' levels of the spring, with 10 years hitting 3.11 overnight, against a year high of 3.125," writes Nat Alliance Securities' Andrew Brenner. "A bear market in bonds could happen if these current levels don't hold."The rise in bond yields was something I brought up in the Trader column this past weekend. Yields above 3% are probably good for the market. But too sudden a move above the old highs, and investors will probably start wondering what the market sees that they don't.Stay tuned.Morning MoversCenturyLink(CTL) has fallen 2.7% to $22.29 after itsCFO resignedto take a job atT-Mobile US (TMUS).Clorox(CLX) gained 1.5% to $152.17 after getting upgraded to Buy from Hold at Argus.Facebook(FB) fell 2.2% to $161.84 after the co-founders of Instagramleft the company.FactSet(FDS) has tumbled 9.4% after beating earnings forecasts but missing on sales andreporting a decline in users.Intel(INTC) has declined 1% to $46.44 after getting cut to Underperform from Market Perform at Raymond James.Jabil(JBL) has gained 3% to $30.97 after its earnings and revenuetopped Street expectations.Michael Kors Holdings(KORS) has declined 1.4% to $65.80 afteragreeing to buy Versaceandchanging its nameto Capri Holdings.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,US MarketsReferenced Symbols:CTL,TMUS,CLX,FB,FDS
FB	9/25/2018 12:47:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Google to allow certain cryptocurrency ads in U.S., Japan	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/google-to-allow-certain-cryptocurrency-ads-in-us-japan-20180925-01023	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 25 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc'sGoogle said on Tuesday it would allow certain regulated cryptocurrency exchanges to advertise in the United States and Japan, easing an earlier ban on all cryptocurrency ads.The changes will take place in October and advertisers will need to be certified with Google for the country where the ads will appear, the search engine giant said in a post(graphic).The company said in March it would ban advertisements for cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings, starting June.Google's move to ban such ads in March had sent the price of the best-known cryptocurrency, bitcoin, down more than 10 percent.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,Stocks,EconomyReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/25/2018 12:23:56 PM	NULL	NULL	Pre-Market Most Active for Sep 25, 2018 :  AMRN, SNAP, IBN, DLR, FB, AZN, TLRY, CRON, ABX, BP, QQQ, VSTM	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/pre-market-most-active-for-sep-25-2018-amrn-snap-ibn-dlr-fb-azn-tlry-cron-abx-bp-qqq-vstm-cm1027469	Shutterstock photoTheNASDAQ 100 Pre-Market Indicatoris up 2.3 to 7,551.05. The total Pre-Market volume is currently 5,099,575 shares traded.The following are themost active stocks for the pre-market session:Amarin Corporation plc (AMRN) is -0.39 at $12.01, with 877,796 shares traded., following a 52-week high recorded in prior regular session.Snap Inc. (SNAP) is +0.28 at $9.23, with 877,238 shares traded. SNAP's current last sale is 76.92% of the target price of $12.ICICI Bank Limited (IBN) is -0.1856 at $8.34, with 706,525 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for IBN is in the "strong buy range".Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) is -3.52 at $112.40, with 605,803 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for DLR is in the "buy range".Facebook, Inc. (FB) is -3.23 at $162.18, with 586,243 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for FB is in the "buy range".Astrazeneca PLC (AZN) is +0.47 at $38.32, with 543,491 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for AZN is in the "buy range".Tilray, Inc. (TLRY) is +20.05 at $119.55, with 404,057 shares traded. TLRY's current last sale is 206.12% of the target price of $58.Cronos Group Inc. (CRON) is +0.54 at $12.40, with 361,824 shares traded. CRON's current last sale is 178.55% of the target price of $6.945.Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX) is +0.52 at $11.56, with 250,114 shares traded. ABX's current last sale is 80.7% of the target price of $14.325.BP p.l.c. (BP) is +1.01 at $46.23, with 240,781 shares traded. BP's current last sale is 102.73% of the target price of $45.Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) is +0.4 at $184.29, with 173,493 shares traded. This represents a 29.69% increase from its 52 Week Low.Verastem, Inc. (VSTM) is +0.0446 at $8.98, with 168,824 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for VSTM is in the "buy range".The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,Pre-market Most ActiveReferenced Symbols:AMRN,SNAP,IBN,DLR,FB,AZN,TLRY,CRON,ABX,BP,QQQ,VSTM
FB	9/25/2018 12:06:00 PM	NULL	NULL	WhatsApp says working with India's Reliance Jio to curb fake news menace	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/whatsapp-says-working-with-indias-reliance-jio-to-curb-fake-news-menace-20180925-00995	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Sankalp PhartiyalMUMBAI, Sept 25 (Reuters) -Facebook's  WhatsApp is working closely with Reliance Jio to spread awareness of false messages, weeks after the Indian telecoms operator opened up the messaging service to tens of millions of customers using its cheap internet-enabled phone.Jio this month gave its more than 25 million JioPhone customers, many of them first-time internet users, access to WhatsApp at a time when the messaging service is battling false and incendiary texts and videos circulating on its platform.All new users of the JioPhone get educational material that tells them about spotting a forwarded WhatsApp message and encourages them to share messages thoughtfully, WhatsApp spokesman Carl Woog told Reuters."We are working closely with Jio to continue our education campaign for WhatsApp users," Woog said.In India's smaller towns and villages, deep-seated prejudices, often based on caste and religion, and cut-price mobile data can aggravate the so-called fake news problem. Such regions are a key market for cheap devices such as the JioPhone.More than 30 people have died this year in mob violence triggered by vitriolic messages on social media and WhatsApp, according to unofficial estimates, and police have previously told Reuters that minorities have been targeted in some remote and rural regions.That has prompted New Delhi to call on WhatsApp to take immediate action to "end this menace".WhatsApp has already taken some steps to quell the rise of fake news. It has launched print and radio ad campaigns to educate users and introduced new features on the app including limiting message forwards as well as the labelling of forwarded messages.It has also partnered with Digital Empowerment Foundation (DEF), a New Delhi-based non-profit organisation, to spread digital literacy in India's towns and cities.DEF will host a workshop in the eastern Indian city of Ranchi this week, WhatsApp's Woog said.WhatsApp also plans to expand its outreach programme to  existing JioPhone users.Reliance Jio did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.With more than 200 million users, India is a key market for WhatsApp but one where it has had to delay the official launch of its payments services due to the country's push on data localisation.WhatsApp is currently looking for an India chief and a policy head for the country.It last month appointed a grievance officer for Indian users at its Menlo Park, California headquarters, like other global tech firms whose grievance officers sit outside of India.India has, however, said it will toughen up its laws including pushing U.S. tech giants to have their grievance officers in India.($1 = 72.8000 Indian rupees)This article appears in:Politics,Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/25/2018 11:46:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as energy gains offset by Facebook, chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-by-facebook-chip-stocks-20180925-00973	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Energy stocks jump asoil priceshit 4-year high* Intel, other chipmakers hit by broker rating cuts* Indexes up: Dow 0.08 pct, SP 0.03 pct, Nasdaq 0.09 pct (Changes comment, updates prices, adds details)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - The three main U.S. stock indexes werelittle changed on Tuesday, as energy stocks gained with oilprices hitting a four-year high, offsetting losses in Facebookand chipmakers.FacebookFB.O fell 0.9 percent and was the biggest drag onthe Nasdaq and the SP 500, after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.56percent, weighing on the technology sector .SPLRCT , afterbrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on anumber of chipmakers."We've seen stocks in the technology sector showing strongperformance this year. We are seeing profit taking in thatsector and a rotation into some of the sectors that have notdone as well," said Jeff Zipper, managing director at U.S. BankPrivate Wealth Management in Palm Beach, Florida.Energy stocks .SPNY jumped 0.77 percent as Brent oil hit afour-year high, boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranianexports, and OPEC and Russia's reluctance to raise output. O/REnergy stocks were off their session highs, leading to aslight dip in the market, after President Donald Trump againasked OPEC nations to stop raising prices in a speech at theUnited Nations General Assembly. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nW1N1W900IFinancials .SPSY , including bank stocks .BKX , gave upearlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected interest ratehike by the Federal Reserve at the end of its two-day meetinglater on Wednesday.The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments."Perhaps some of the rhetoric around the tariffs and thetrade talk may have put some concern into the markets that theFed might go slower and that might have kept financials back alittle bit," Zipper said.At 11:25 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 20.46 points, or 0.08 percent, at 26,582.51, the SP 500 .SPX was up 0.95 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,920.32 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 6.89 points, or 0.09 percent, at8,000.14.The Fed's third hike this year would make cash the mostattractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal ofstocks, especially those of dividend-paying companies such asutilities. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3The utilities .SPLRCU sector slid 1.06 percent, the mostamong the 11 major SP sectors. Five sectors were posting gains.IntelINTC.O fell 1.8 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock.NikeNKE.N was off 0.4 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults, expected after the bell.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 8.1 percent after ChiefFinancial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprisemove to join T-MobileTMUS.O to oversee its integration withSprint S.N , both of which were little changed on the day.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.06-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and a 1.25-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 24 new 52-week highs and seven newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 47 new highs and 30 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:CTL,
FB	9/25/2018 11:21:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Google ends cryptocurrency ad ban	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/google-ends-cryptocurrency-ad-ban-20180925-00935	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 25 Reuters - Alphabet Inc'sGoogle has joinedFacebookin ending a ban on advertisements for cryptocurrencies, CNBC on Tuesday(graphic).Google's move to ban such ads in June sent the price of the best-known cryptocurrency, bitcoin, down more than 10 percent.Google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.This article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,Economy,Politics,CommoditiesReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/25/2018 10:51:00 AM	NULL	NULL	U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Facebook, automakers, XO Group, Jabil	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocks-on-the-movefacebook-automakers-xo-group-jabil-20180925-00894	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}The Day Aheadnewsletter:The Morning News Callnewsletter:U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday, as higheroil priceslifted energy stocks and banks rose in anticipation of an interest rate hike, but losses inFacebookand chipmakers weighed on the marketAt 10:17 ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was up 0.17 percent at 26,605.93. The SP 500  was up 0.08 percent at 2,921.83 and the Nasdaq Composite  was up 0.02 percent at 7,994.859.The top three SP 500  percentage gainers:** Abiomed Inc, up 3.7 pct** CF Industries Holdings Inc, up 3 pct** TechnipFMC, up 2.9 pctThe top three SP 500  percentage losers:** CenturyLink Inc, down 7.2 pct** A.O. Smith Corp, down 4.3 pct** CBOE Global Markets, down 3.5 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage gainers:** Jones Energy Inc, up 28.8 pct** XO Group Inc, up 25.6 pct** Trio-Tech International, up 11.2 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage losers:** Valhi Inc, down 12.4 pct** Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc, down 11.1 pct** Jabil Inc, down 9.4 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage gainers:** Sonic Corp, up 18.5 pct** Tilray Inc, up 15.8 pct** Oxford Immunotec Global Plc, up 14.9 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage losers:** SAexploration Holdings Inc, down 35.3 pct** TG Therapeutics Inc, down 34.6 pct** Xenetic Biosciences Inc, down 21 pct** Facebook Inc: down 1.4 pctInstagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exitFacebook: Drops as Instagram co-founders resign** Intel Corp: down 1.8 pct** Analog Devices Inc: down 3.5 pct** Microchip Technology Inc: down 3.0 pctSemiconductor stocks down on Raymond James downgrade** General Motors Co: down 1.2 pct** Ford Motor Co: down 0.5 pct** Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.: down 0.4 pct** Autoliv Inc: down 2.3 pct** Visteon Corp: down 1.1 pct** BorgWarner Inc: down 0.7 pctU.S. automakers, parts makers dip on BMW profit warning** XO Group Inc: up 25.6 pctWeddingWire investors to buy event planner XO in $933 mln dealXO Group: Jumps after go-pvt deal** MiMedx Group Inc: down 2.8 pctMiMedx: Diabetic foot ulcer trial using umbilical cord shows promise** Oxford Immunotec Global Plc: up 14.9 pctOxford Immunotec: Up as Quest Diagnostics agrees to buy co's U.S. lab services unit** Aurora Cannabis Inc: up 9.1 pctAurora Cannabis Inc: Up on strong fourth-quarter results** Alcoa Corp: down 2.2 pctAlcoa: Setting up for another miss** Jabil Inc: down 9.3 pctJabil Inc: Sees no improvement on margins until 2021** Jaguar Health Inc: up 135.4 pctJaguar Health: Surges on partnering with Canada'sKnight Therapeutics** Square Inc: up 5.5 pctSquare: Analysts hike targets, see growth ahead** Tilray Inc: up 15.8 pctTilray: To snap 3-day losing streak on Australia medical cannabis deal** Applied DNA Sciences IncAPDN.O: up 15.8 pctApplied DNA: Soars as co expands its cannabis tagging system** TG Therapeutics Inc: down 34.6 pctTG Therapeutics: Slips as co drops plans to seek speedy approval for leukemia drug** CenturyLink Inc: down 7.1 pctCenturyLink: CFO exit timing "not ideal", but co "in good hands"** Gemphire Therapeutics Inc: down 5.0 pctGemphire Therapeutics: Plunges on job cuts, including top executives** Cypress Semiconductor Corp: down 5.9 pctCypress Semiconductor: KeyBanc downgrades on margin concerns** Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 7.8 pctReata Pharmaceuticals: Gains as kidney drug meets trial goal** Sirius XM Holdings: down 0.2 pct** Pandora Media Inc: up 0.8 pctStreet View: SiriusXM finally bites Pandora MediaWedbush says investor reaction makes Sirius-Pandora deal unlikely** Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 17.9 pctOpiant Pharma: Stock offering priced at discount** Science Applications International Corp: up 2.5 pctSAIC: Jefferies upgrades on boost from Engility buy** Pluristem Therapeutics Inc: up 3.1 pctPluristem: Gets FDA's orphan status for cell therapy in additional indications** Canopy Growth Corp: up 3.5 pctCanopy Growth: Benchmark starts with 'buy', sets highest PT on Street** Ascena Retail Group Inc: up 8.0 pctAscena Retail Group: Jumps on big Q4 comp sales beat** Digital Realty Trust Inc: down 1.3 pctDigital Realty: Falls on discounted stock offeringThe 11 major SP 500 sectors:Consumer Discretionaryup 0.29 pctConsumer Staplesup 0.05 pctEnergyup 0.98 pctFinancialup 0.22 pctHealthup 0.18 pctIndustrialdown 0.15 pctInformation Technologydown 0.05 pctMaterialsup 0.29 pctReal Estatedown 0.11 pctTeleservicesdown 0.20 pctUtilitiesdown 0.82 pctThis article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:AA,
FB	9/25/2018 10:35:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Bear of the Day: Facebook (FB)	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/bear-of-the-day-facebook-fb-cm1027486	Shutterstock photoFacebook(FB) has fallen into the cellar of the Zacks Rank because analysts keep lowering their EPS estimates, trying to keep up with the digital advertising giant's "reversal of growth."Even though that downturn is more self-inflicted than caused by celebrities inspiring the masses to #deletefacebook, the path of transformation and reinvention for Mark Zuckerberg's dream machine will result in slower revenue and earnings growth for possibly another year as the company builds a better friend machine.What was self-inflicted?The company's own realization in 2017 that they needed to control two flows of dis-information and potential tribalism:(1) the ad buyers who could target specific audiences with destructive or manipulative messaging (i.e., "fake news")(2) the individual users and groups who could spread their dis-information and political propaganda, even hate speech, without recourseAnd ZuckCo. also realized they couldn't limit the virulent effect of "bots" without also reengineering their own algorithms.In short, the mea culpa for being involved in massive political warfare -- sometimes even promoting hate groups -- has brought the mighty influence machine to a reckoning where costs are rising, less advertising is being accepted (i.e., lower revenues), and many users and former users have noticed the new restrictive nature of "big brother" Alphabet's (GOOGL) "little brother."I discussed these techno-cultural dynamics in my July podcast and article...Facebook Faceplant: First Large-Scale AI FailStill a Growth MachineAll this said, the company is still estimated to grow sales over 36% this year to $55+ billion.And even next year still looks great in analyst binoculars with a 24.5% top line advance to a record $69 billion.EPS growth -- despite the rising costs of hiring many thousands of human "social police" to watch the ads and content streams -- is expected to hit +14% this year and next.And this after 2018 EPS estimates fell from $7.66 to $7.08 in the past 60 days, while 2019 profit projections dropped over 13% from $9.33 to $8.09.Yet still, these consensus projections from dozens of Wall Street investment banks for the #2 digital ad powerhouse, with over 2 billion monthly active users (MAU) worldwide, are what will keep large growth investors buyingFacebook sharesat these levels and lower as the company reinvents its platform for the better and innovates to monetize Instagram advertising.In fact, those large funds, whether its David Tepper's Appaloosa, Andreas Halvorsen's Viking Global, or Steve Mandel's Lone Pine Capital won't mind the dips at all.We joined them in March on the first dip to back to $150 and we sold above $190 in myTAZR Traderportfolio. I always believed that ZuckCo. knew what they had to do to make the social media ecosystem a better environment for friends, family, entrepreneurs and even the occasional political affiliation.And I'll probably do it again after we get the first sign that estimates have bottomed and are about to turn upward again.The Zacks Rank will let us know.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing Ideas,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/25/2018 10:28:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Facebook Stock Down As Instagram Co-founders Resign	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-stock-down-as-instagram-cofounders-resign-20180925-00857	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Shares ofFacebookInc. (FB) are down more than 2 percent in Tuesday's trading after photo-sharing app Instagram's co-founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger said they are leaving the company.Systrom, Instagram's chief executive, and Krieger, the chief technical officer, did not give a reason for stepping down, but said they are now "ready for our next chapter.""We're planning on taking some time off to explore our curiosity and creativity again. Building new things requires that we step back, understand what inspires us and match that with what the world needs; that's what we plan to do," Systrom said in a blog post.Instagram was created by Systrom and Krieger in 2010. Facebook acquired Instagram in April 2012 for about $1 billion. The photo-sharing app has more than 1 billion active monthly users.The departure of Instagram's co-founders add to the challenges faced by Facebook, which continues to be haunted by its controversy regarding the misuse of user data. The social media giant has also been criticized for not being able to prevent foreign interference across its network.Early this year, Facebook came under heavy criticism in the wake of revelations that data relating to 87 million people was accessed by political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica, linked to U.S. President Donald Trump's election campaign, without their permission.In April, Jan Koum, Facebook director and co-founder of Facebook's WhatsApp unit, left the messaging service. Koum's departure reportedly came after an internal debate over whether to put advertising in WhatsApp. Facebook acquired WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014.Brian Acton, the other co-founder of WhatsApp, also left prior to Kuom's resignation. In March, Acton posted the #DeleteFacebook hashtag during the social network's scandal over user privacy.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937986/facebook-stock-down-as-instagram-co-founders-resign.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/25/2018 10:25:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as losses in Facebook, chip stocks offset bank, energy gains	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-losses-in-facebook-chip-stocks-offset-bank-energy-gains-20180925-00873	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Chevron, Exxon gain asoil priceshit 4-year high* Dow up 0.16 pct, SP up 0.05 pct, Nasdaq off 0.01 pct (Updates to open)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed onTuesday, as higher oil prices lifted energy stocks and banksrose in anticipation of an interest rate hike, but losses inFacebook and chipmakers weighed on the market.FacebookFB.O fell 2.5 percent and was the biggest drag onthe Nasdaq and the SP 500, after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanationfor the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8The energy sector .SPNY jumped 0.72 percent as Brent oilprices shot to a four-year high, boosted by imminent U.S.sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the reluctance of OPECand Russia to raise output. O/RFinancials .SPSY overall rose 0.25 percent, with banks .BKX up 0.4 percent, in anticipation that the Federal Reservewill raise interest rates at the end of its two-day meetinglater on Wednesday.Bank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , Wells FargoWFC.N and Citigroup were all higher, also as yields on thebenchmark 10-year U.S. government bond US10YT=RR held at thekey 3 percent level.But the Fed's third hike this year would make cash the mostattractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal ofstocks, especially dividend paying companies such as utilities.The utilities .SPLRCU sector slid 0.66 percent.  urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3"Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sensethat an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling,"said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC inBernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rateenvironment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments.At 9:55 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI wasup 43.00 points, or 0.16 percent, at 26,605.05, the SP 500 .SPX was up 1.37 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,920.74 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 0.89 points, or 0.01 percent,at 7,992.35.The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.18percent, with most chipmakers lower after rating cuts bybrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc.IntelINTC.O , which was downgraded by Raymond James, fell2.0 percent.NikeNKE.N was up 0.1 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults expected after market close.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 8.5 percent after ChiefFinancial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprisemove to join T-MobileTMUS.O to oversee its integration withSprint S.N , both of which were little changed on the day.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.51-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and a 1.44-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 17 new 52-week highs and three newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 31 new highs and 12 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:BAC,
FB	9/25/2018 9:44:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Facebook shares slip after Instagram founders quit	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-shares-slip-after-instagram-founders-quit-20180925-00794	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 25 (Reuters) - Shares ofFacebookInc  fell more than 2 percent in early trading on Tuesday after the two founders of photo-sharing app Instagram left the social networking giant under unexplained circumstances.Analysts said the departure of Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger may have been the result of friction with Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg over how Facebook's fastest-growing revenue generator is run."Our sense is the duo may have wanted to run Instagram more independently than their parent company wanted," said Scott Kessler, an analyst at research firm CFRA.The sudden loss of the pair follows the departures of WhatsApp co-founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton and a reshuffling of Facebook's executive ranks earlier this year.A Bloomberg report said Systrom and Krieger had been frustrated by a rise in the day-to-day involvement of Zuckerberg, who has become more reliant on Instagram in planning for Facebook's future.Facebook's shares were down 2.4 percent at $161.51 in early trading, knocking more than $11 billion off the stock's market value."To the extent that their departures represent Zuckerberg exercising more power and being less accountable, such a development would underscore the need for an independent board chair," said Jonas Kron, senior vice president at Trillium Asset Management.The institutional investor, which holds more than 52,000 shares in Facebook, urged Facebook in July to appoint an independent board chair to oversee management.Systrom wrote in a blog post on Monday that he and Krieger planned to take time off and explore "our curiosity and creativity again".Zuckerberg described the two as "extraordinary product leaders" and said he wished them all the best and was looking forward to seeing what they build next.Facebook bought Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion. Instagram had been hailed in Silicon Valley as a flashy acquisition done right, with the team kept relatively small and Systrom having the freedom to add features such as peer-to-peer messaging, video uploads and advertising.Instagram has over 1 billion active monthly users, a sharp rise from the 30 million users when Facebook bought the app.Facebook's shares are currently down about 6 percent this year, following six years of stellar gains.Concerns over the fallout of the Cambridge Analytica privacy scandal and signals that a rise in costs would hurt Facebook's margins for years, fueled the biggest one-day wipeout in U.S. stock market history in July.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/25/2018 9:31:44 AM	NULL	NULL	GoPro Stock Shows a Short-Term Glimmer of Hope With New Camera Intros	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/gopro-stock-shows-a-short-term-glimmer-of-hope-with-new-camera-intros-cm1027508	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAction camera companyGoPro(NASDAQ:GPRO) unveiled its lineup of new products on Thursday, launching just ahead of this year's all-important holiday shopping season. GoPro stock rallied a bit because, well, at least a small faction of investors rev up their bullishness whenever the company makes any sort of move.It was a short-lived surge though. GPRO stock was back in the red again on Friday when those same investors remembered previous product updates just didn't help reinvigorate sales growth… or even sales stagnation. There's little assurance this evolution will fare any better than prior ones have.The 8 Best Cash Cow Stocks to Buy for Stable ReturnsAnd yet, the situation may leave enough gas in the tank for a decent trade - although not a long-term investment - for speculators willing to wait for the right sign.The Picture Hasn't ChangedIt's a reality even the most disconnected of traders recognize in GoPro. In one camp is the crowd that's sure the sheer quality and cleverness of GoPro's action cameras will eventually let the company turn a consistent profit. In the other camp, while observers appreciate and respect the product, they also don't see any future where it costs the company less than its cameras' retail price to make and market the consumer devices. There's just not enough scale or size to make action cameras a viable business.So far, it's the latter of the two camps that has been right.Enter the Hero 7 lineup of cameras,unveiled on Thursday, available via pre-order now, and expected to be on store shelves before the end of the month.At first glance the three new cameras look much like the company's previous versions, but there are fundamental differences. Chiefly, the $399 Hero 7 Black now comes with built-in, self-stabilizing technology, while the Hero 7 White takes aim at the lower-end market with a sticker price of only $199… the company's first real direct addressing of hesitant, price-conscious consumers.On the surface it's a brilliant move. Die-hard action camera users will dig the higher-quality videos possible with the Hero 7 Black, while GoPro will open up a whole new market of entry-level owners who may well seek an upgrade at a later time.The reality of the matter is, however, the five product launches that followed the original Hero line haven't spurred sustained sales growth. It's highly unlikely this sixth sequel is really going to fare any better. As was the case withFitbit(NYSE:FIT), theFacebook(NASDAQ:FB) smartphone and Spectacles fromSnap(NYSE:SNAP), it's not that consumers don't recognize the quality and cleverness of the product or service. It's that most of them just don't care.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsNevertheless, the company may get enough out of the pre-holiday buzz to draw at some respectable (even if temporary) bullishness from GoPro stock.Charting GoPro StockThe overreaching backdrop may be depressing, but there's a short-term glimmer of hope in view.The past few weeks have been uncharacteristically bullish for GPRO stock. Down roughly 95% from its all-time-peak price as of March of this year, shares have since gained 43% from their early April low.It's not just been the gain that's suddenly so compelling, however. Along the way, GoPro shares have fought their way back above key moving average lines, one of which has become a major support level. That's the 100-day moving average line, plotted in gray on the graphic below. Three times since August - including just this past week - that 100-day average has reversed a pullback and rekindled strength. More recently, GoPro stock has made its way above the pivotal 200-day line, shown in white.Click to EnlargeThe bullish effort has been stymied, though. As is also marked on the chart, GPRO has been recently capped around $6.63. Yet, the bulls are still swinging, and as of Thursday have some fresh fodder to work with. If the more-vocal fans and followers can just make enough noise to get the stock above the ceiling at $6.63, the potential trading action that's been pent-up since June could be unleashed in a hurry.That's a bigif, but it's also a big outcome.Bottom Line on GPRO StockAgain, don't confuse a little bullishness from the stock as evidence that the company has finally found its bigger-picture mojo. That's not what's happening here. Indeed, if GoPro stock can't even work its way past $6.63, the launch of the new Hero 7 series means nothing to anyone.Given the market's willingness to dish out event-based and headline-based near-term rewards to GoPro though, there may be a worthy trade brewing up. Just don't stick with it too long, as it won't be built to last.As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You canfollow him on Twitter, at @jbrumley.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postGoPro Stock Shows a Short-Term Glimmer of Hope With New Camera Introsappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:GPRO,FIT,FB,SNAP
FB	9/25/2018 8:56:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St to open higher as energy, bank stocks rise	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-to-open-higher-as-energy-bank-stocks-rise-20180925-00650	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Chevron, Exxon gain asoil priceshit 4-year high* Futures up: Dow 0.24 pct, SP 0.20 pct, Nasdaq 0.08 pct (Adds details, comments; updates prices)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher onTuesday, as energy companies gained with oil prices at four-yearhighs and bank stocks rose in anticipation of a Federal Reserverate hike.The U.S. central bank, which starts its two-day meetinglater in the day, is widely expected to raise benchmark interestrates for the third time this year on Wednesday.Shares of Bank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , WellsFargo WFC.N and Citigroup rose between 0.5 percent and 0.9percent inpremarket trading.But higher interest rates make corporate borrowing costlierand the Fed's latest move would make cash the most attractive ithas been in about a decade, lowering the appeal of stocks,especially dividend paying companies such as utilities and realestate. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3"Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sensethat an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling,"said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC inBernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rateenvironment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round ofSino-U.S. tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talkswould be difficult, while Washington is putting "a knife toChina's neck." urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0VJHowever, Bakhos said "trade fears seem to have taken a backseat in the headlines and investors are looking at someopportunities to shift back into equities."CaterpillarCAT.N and BoeingBA.N , which act as proxiesfor investors' view of the trade situation, were both up 0.7percent.At 8:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were up 64 points, or0.24 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were up 5.75 points, or 0.2percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were up 5.75 points, or0.08 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the secondsession in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year highdue to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and theapparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offsetthe potential hit to global supply. O/RDow components ChevronCVX.N and Exxon MobilXOM.N rose0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. O/RFacebookFB.O fell 2.1 percent after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanationfor the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8IntelINTC.O fell 0.9 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against thechipmaker.Michael KorsKORS.N was up 1.5 percent after the U.S.fashion group agreed to buy Versace for $2 billion includingdebt. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WB3BROn the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected toreport that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 inSeptember from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is dueat 10 a.m. ET. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Stocks,Banking and Loans,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/25/2018 8:56:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall St to open higher as energy, bank stocks rise	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-to-open-higher-as-energy-bank-stocks-rise-20180925-00629	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on Tuesday, as energy companies gained withoil pricesat four-year highs and bank stocks rose in anticipation of a Federal Reserve rate hike.The U.S. central bank, which starts its two-day meeting later in the day, is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates for the third time this year on Wednesday.But higher interest rates make corporate borrowing costlier and the Fed's latest move would make cash the most attractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal of stocks, especially dividend paying companies such as utilities and real estate."Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sense that an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rate environment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and its comments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute between the United States and China will also help steer investments.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would be difficult, while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck."However, Bakhos said "trade fears seem to have taken a back seat in the headlines and investors are looking at some opportunities to shift back into equities."Caterpillar  and Boeing, which act as proxies for investors' view of the trade situation, were both up 0.7 percent.At 8:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were up 64 points, or 0.24 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were up 5.75 points, or 0.2 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were up 5.75 points, or 0.08 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the second session in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year high due to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the apparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offset the potential hit to global supply.Dow components Chevron  and Exxon Mobil  rose 0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively.Facebookfell 2.1 percent after co-founders of its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation for the move.Intel  fell 0.9 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Michael Kors was up 1.5 percent after the U.S. fashion group agreed to buy Versace for $2 billion including debt.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected to report that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 in September from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is due at 10 a.m. ET.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/25/2018 7:31:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Futures climb on oil boost, Fed meeting eyed	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocksfutures-climb-on-oil-boost-fed-meeting-eyed-20180925-00344	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Intel falls on Raymond James rating cut* Futures up: Dow 0.34 pct, SP 0.29 pct, Nasdaq 0.22 pctBy Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures edged higher onTuesday, as energy companies gained with oil prices at four-yearhighs, although the U.S.-China trade tension and the upcomingFederal Reserve meeting prompted caution.The U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmarkinterest rates on Wednesday, a move that would make cash themost attractive it has been in about a decade and lower theappeal of stocks. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes willalso help steer investments, especially as the trade disputebetween the United States and China escalates.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round oftariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would bedifficult while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck." urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0VJ"The Federal Reserve may not seem very worried about growingtensions with the global trade dispute. So far there are noclear indications that global trade tensions are weighing on theU.S. economy," Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM,wrote in a note."The most interesting part ... is how the Fed sees theeconomy performing in 2019 and beyond. Ongoing support from thefiscal stimulus will gradually begin to fade and higherborrowing costs along with a stronger dollar will likely beginimpacting future corporate earnings."Shares of big U.S. lenders rose inpremarket trading, withBank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , Wells FargoWFC.N and Citigroup up between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent.However, FacebookFB.O fell 2.5 percent after co-foundersof its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scantexplanation for the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8At 7:12 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were up 90 points, or0.34 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were up 8.5 points, or 0.29percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were up 16.5 points, or0.22 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the secondsession in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year highdue to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and theapparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offsetthe potential hit to global supply. O/RDow-components ChevronCVX.N and Exxon MobilXOM.N rose0.7 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. O/RIntelINTC.O fell 1 percent after Raymond James downgradedthe stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Microchip MCHP.O , Analog DevicesADI.O and ONSemiconductor ON.O were trading between flat and down 1.3percent after their shares were downgraded by Raymond James.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected toreport that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 inSeptember from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is dueat 10 a.m. ET. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:ADI,
FB	9/25/2018 7:31:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Futures climb on oil boost, Fed meeting eyed	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/futures-climb-on-oil-boost-fed-meeting-eyed-20180925-00341	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures edged higher on Tuesday, as energy companies gained withoil pricesat four-year highs, although the U.S.-China trade tension and the upcoming Federal Reserve meeting prompted caution.The U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates on Wednesday, a move that would make cash the most attractive it has been in about a decade and lower the appeal of stocks.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round of tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would be difficult while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck.""The Federal Reserve may not seem very worried about growing tensions with the global trade dispute. So far there are no clear indications that global trade tensions are weighing on the U.S. economy," Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, wrote in a note."The most interesting part ... is how the Fed sees the economy performing in 2019 and beyond. Ongoing support from the fiscal stimulus will gradually begin to fade and higher borrowing costs along with a stronger dollar will likely begin impacting future corporate earnings."Shares of big U.S. lenders rose inpremarket trading, with Bank of America, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo  and Citigroup up between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent.However,Facebookfell 2.5 percent after co-founders of its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation for the move.At 7:12 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were up 90 points, or 0.34 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were up 8.5 points, or 0.29 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were up 16.5 points, or 0.22 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the second session in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year high due to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the apparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offset the potential hit to global supply.Dow-components Chevron  and Exxon Mobil  rose 0.7 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively.Intel  fell 1 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Microchip, Analog Devices  and ON Semiconductor  were trading between flat and down 1.3 percent after their shares were downgraded by Raymond James.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected to report that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 in September from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is due at 10 a.m. ET.This article appears in:Politics,Stocks,World Markets,Economy,OilReferenced Symbols:ADI,
FB	9/25/2018 3:47:16 AM	NULL	NULL	BABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaper	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/baba-stock-could-get-even-cheaper-cm1027408	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAlibaba(NYSE:BABA) looks absurdly cheap at the moment. Alibaba grew revenue 58% year over year in fiscal 2018 (ending March), and non-GAAP earnings per share surged by 40%. Margins were pressured in the first quarter, admittedly. But the top line still rose 61%. Yet BABA stock now trades at just 21 times forward EPS - and BABA stock has fallen 22% from its 52-week high.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetObviously, there are external factors. Chinese stocks are ina bear market. Trade war fearscontinue to accelerate. By the standards of China's tech leaders, Alibaba stock actually hasn't had a bad year. BABA stock may be down 22%, but rivalJD.com(NASDAQ:JD) has fallen 48%.NetEase(NASDAQ:NTES) andWeibo Corp(NASDAQ:WB) both are down 40%+.But there are concerns surrounding Alibaba stock itself. As I wrote last month, BABA stock simplyisn't as cheap as it looks. That's true even after another 10% decline.And, in the near-term, Alibaba stock could face more pressure. External concerns aren't abating - and, for several reasons, BABA stock could face an outsized impact. Long-term, the recent weakness could just be a blip in the road. But, right now, I'm not quite ready to go flying into BABA stock just yet.The Uncertainty Problem for Alibaba StockNervous investors generally run from uncertain stocks. And, as impressive as the Alibaba story is, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty here.Many investors remainskeptical about the company's accounting. The same is true forthe country as a whole. Alibaba continues to execute complex joint venture transactions that raise eyebrows. AsMarketWatchpointed out, a recent reorganization of its money-losing Koubei JVallowed the company to book a gain. Alibabagave up control of a partnership in Russiaand has taken in quite a bit of cash in similar deals over the years despite the fact that internal cash flow should, in theory, fund many of those investments.Alibaba quite clearly is not a fraud, but there are issues of trust surrounding its numbers (includingthe impact of "brushing" on its GMV, or gross merchandise volume, figure). Add to that the VIE structure (BABA shareholdersdon't actually own shares of Alibaba) and there are reasons for caution here - at least.Fundamental concerns aside, there's also a notable change in the business. Founder and chairman Jack Ma isleaving the company. Surely, Alibaba will persist - but one can imagine that investors wouldn't be thrilled if Jeff Bezos leftAmazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) or Mark Zuckerberg leftFacebook(NASDAQ:FB). (The latter example may not hold at the moment, admittedly.) Ma's departure is just one more reason why cautious investors may desire a cheaper price before buying the dip in BABA stock.Are There Better China Plays Than BABA Stock?Even if Alibaba stock is near a bottom, the next question is whether BABA is the best play on the thesis that Chinese stocks, on the whole, have fallen too far. For these reasons, and others, I'm not sure it is.I look foolish for my continued recommendation of JD, for instance, but I still think that stock hasreal potential in the long run. NTES alsolooks intriguing here.iQiyi(NASDAQ:IQ), the so-calledNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) of China, offershigh reward with its high risk.BABA admittedly is cheaper than those smaller China plays. And investors looking to buy the dip in China may prefer to do so via the largest players - either Alibaba stock or that ofTencent(OTCMKTS:TCEHY). Certainly, BABA at $165 is intriguing - and there are many worse plays in what looks like an overheated global equity market.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetBut intriguing isn't quite compelling - and $165 isn't necessarily the bottom. With news on the trade war, currency and macro fronts unlikely to reverse any time soon, the uncertainty surrounding Alibaba isn't coming to an immediate end. And the same may be true for the pressure on Alibaba stock.As of this writing, Vince Martin has no positions in any securities mentioned.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postBABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaperappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:BABA,AMZN,FB,NFLX,JD
FB	9/25/2018 12:41:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Instagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exit	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-cofounders-resign-in-latest-facebook-executive-exit-20180925-00013	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Paresh DaveRockville, MD, Sept 24 (Reuters) - Instagram on Monday said co-founders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger have resigned as chief executive officer and chief technical officer of the photo-sharing app owned byFacebookInc, giving scant explanation for the move.The departures at Facebook's fastest-growing revenue generator come just months after the exit of Jan Koum, co-founder of Facebook-owned messaging app WhatsApp, leaving the social network without the developers behind two of its biggest services.Systrom wrote in a blog post on Monday that he and Krieger planned to take time off and explore "our curiosity and creativity again".Their announcement came after increasingly frequent clashes with Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg over the direction of Instagram, Bloomberg reported.In a statement, Zuckerberg described the two as "extraordinary product leaders"."I've learned a lot working with them for the past six years and have really enjoyed it. I wish them all the best and I'm looking forward to seeing what they build next," Zuckerberg said.INDEPENDENCEKoum's departure in May followed the exit of his WhatsApp co-founder Brian Acton.That led to a reshuffling of Facebook's executive ranks, increasing Zuckerberg's ability to influence day-to-day operations. Zuckerberg ally Chris Cox, who leads product development for Facebook's main app, gained oversight of WhatsApp and Instagram, which had been given independence when Facebook bought them.Adam Mosseri, who had overseen Facebook's news feed and spent a decade working closely with Zuckerberg, became Instagram's head of product.Instagram and Facebook have operated independently and the two services barely mention each other. But as regulators have pushed Facebook to improve information safeguards for individual privacy, to combat addiction to social media, and to stop misinformation or fake news, Zuckerberg and other leaders have been under more pressure to monitor units beyond the core social network.ACQUISITION DONE RIGHTSystrom and Krieger notified the photo-sharing app's leadership team and Facebook on Monday about their decision to leave, Instagram said. Their departure would be soon, it said. The New York Times first reported the move.Systrom and Krieger met through Stanford University and worked separately in Silicon Valley before forming Instagram in 2010.Facebook bought Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion. The photo-sharing app has over 1 billion active monthly users and has grown by adding features such as messaging and short videos. In 2016, it added the ability to post slideshows that disappear in 24 hours, mimicking the "stories" feature of Snap Inc's  Snapchat.The photo app's global revenue this year is likely to exceed $8 billion, showed data from advertising consultancy EMarketer.Increased advertising on Instagram has seen the average price-per-ad across Facebook's apps decline this year after a year of upswing. A new privacy law in Europe also has affected prices.Instagram had been hailed in Silicon Valley as a flashy acquisition done right, with the team kept relatively small and Systrom having the freedom to add features such as peer-to-peer messaging, video uploads and advertising."I see Mark [Zuckerberg] practice a tremendous amount of restraint in giving us the freedom to run, but the reason why I think he gives us the freedom to run is because when we run, it typically works," Systrom told Recode last June.The app's latest product, IGTV, has been slow to gain traction. Offered through Instagram and as a standalone app, IGTV serves up longer-length video content, mostly from popular Instagram users.Video content has been a major emphasis for Facebook as it seeks to satisfy advertisers' desire to stream more commercials online.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,
BABA	9/25/2018 12:44:56 PM	NULL	NULL	RBC Capital: 3 Top Stocks With Room To Run	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/rbc-capital-3-top-stocks-with-room-to-run-cm1027472	Shutterstock photoIf you are looking for top stock ideas, you could do a lot worse than follow analysts with a proven track record of success. Here we dial in to three of the most bullish stock ratings from three top-ranked RBC Capital analysts. As you will see below, all three of the analysts referred to below score highly when it comes to the complex art of stock picking.How do we know?TipRankstracks and ranks over 4,800 analysts, letting us focus on the ratings from analysts who consistently outperform the market. Let’s take a closer look at three of their most compelling stock recommendations now:AMD (AMD)AMD investors rejoice. This volatile chip stocking has the backing of RBC Capital’s Mitch Steves (Track Record&Ratings). Steves has just initiated AMD coverage with a Buy rating and a $40 price target. This Street-high price target translates into 23% upside from current levels.So what is driving the bullish sentiment for this top analyst? “Our thesis is based on: 1) solid server share gains; 2) continued demand for gaming chips; and 3) notable operating margin leverage” writes Steves on September 24.In particular, Steves sees AMD capturing a larger portion of the server market growing to mid-singles and working towards 20%+, similar to dynamics last seen in 2006. “Despite positive news surrounding 7nm chips from TSMC, we think server market growth is still undervalued” he concludes.AMD has confirmed that its first 7nm GPU will be released later this year, while the first 7nm CPUs will come out next year. Excitingly for AMD, if Intel’s 10nm Cannon Lake processor is pushed to 4Q19 (as recent reports suggest), AMD would gain a ‘notable head-start’ against its larger rival.Overall, the Street look remains slightly more cautious. Its Moderate Buy analyst consensus is the result of 11 buy ratings, 8 hold ratings and 1 sell rating- all within the last three months. This produces an average price target of $28.22 (13% downside potential).However, Steves points out that AMD trades at a notable discount on a sales basis relative to another GPU stock- Nvidia (NVDA). Right now Nvidia (its closest peer) trades at 11x sales. His price target gives AMD a multiple that is half as large.See AMD Price Target and Analyst Rating Details.Alibaba (BABA)Fresh from the Alibaba Investor Day, RBC’s Mark Mahaney (Track Record&Ratings) returns with a reaffirmed confidence in the stock’s outlook. He has just reiteterated his Buy rating on Alibaba with a $215 price target (32% upside potential).“We believe management did an impressive job of explaining their long-term vision of empowering businesses to succeed in a digital era” explains this five-star analyst.Most notably, he spies a significant opportunity for the stock in cloud computing. As of FY18, 40% of China’s top 500 companies were on the Alibaba Cloud while 49% of China listed companies were on Alibaba Cloud, both 9pp increases from FY17.Overall, “cloud continues to demonstrate hyper- growth (+93% Y/Y)” and this makes BABA a great play on the dramatic secular growth that is the Internet. Combine this with China’s rapid per capita GDP growth, and management’s ‘long-term focus’ and ‘excellent execution’, and you can see why this stock falls firmly in Mahaney’s Buy-list.Bear in mind, the Street is also unanimously positive on BABA’s outlook. Alongside Mahaney, 16 analysts have published buy ratings on the stock in the last three months. This comes with a bullish average price target of $235- indicating sizeable upside potential of almost 44%.See BABA Price Target and Analyst Rating Details.Smartsheet Inc (SMAR)RBC’s Ross MacMillan (Track Record&Ratings) is one of the five top analysts ranked by TipRanks (out of over 4,800). And one of his ‘Buy’-rated picks right now is Smartsheet Inc. This is a leading work management platform with nearly 100,000 customers. Companies use its products to manage workflows and facilitate collaboration.On the back of F2Q19 results that demonstrated strength across the board, MacMillan boosted his price target from $32 to $39. This indicates 28% upside potential from current levels.“SMAR again reported strong results, with billings re- acceleration (+55% Y/Y vs +50% in F1Q19), better net customer adds, ACV growth and net dollar retention” the analyst comments.And looking forward, MacMillan singles out three key reasons why SMAR is primed to move higher. Not only does the company boast very strong unit economics (think net dollar retention rates >130%), but it is also looking at a massive market opportunity. “With 650K paid users today, we think the company is scratching the surface of the opportunity when compared with the >200M paid commercial Office users and ~865M knowledge workers globally” states MacMillan.Encouragingly, Smartsheet has a flexible platform that can co-exist with other productivity and collaboration apps- suggesting it has what it takes to corner a much larger share of the work automation market.Like BABA, analysts are out in full force in favor of the stock. With six back-to-back Buy ratings, SMAR boasts a ‘Strong Buy’ analyst consensus. Meanwhile the average analyst price target stands at $36.33 (19% upside potential).See SMAR Price Target and Analyst Rating Details.Our database spans over 5,000 stocks. Discover your own stock picks with stellar upside potential, in any sector you choose.Go to the Nasdaq Smart Portfolio stock screener now.Author: Harriet LeftonThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing Ideas,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMD,BABA,SMAR
BABA	9/25/2018 3:47:16 AM	NULL	NULL	BABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaper	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/baba-stock-could-get-even-cheaper-cm1027408	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAlibaba(NYSE:BABA) looks absurdly cheap at the moment. Alibaba grew revenue 58% year over year in fiscal 2018 (ending March), and non-GAAP earnings per share surged by 40%. Margins were pressured in the first quarter, admittedly. But the top line still rose 61%. Yet BABA stock now trades at just 21 times forward EPS - and BABA stock has fallen 22% from its 52-week high.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetObviously, there are external factors. Chinese stocks are ina bear market. Trade war fearscontinue to accelerate. By the standards of China's tech leaders, Alibaba stock actually hasn't had a bad year. BABA stock may be down 22%, but rivalJD.com(NASDAQ:JD) has fallen 48%.NetEase(NASDAQ:NTES) andWeibo Corp(NASDAQ:WB) both are down 40%+.But there are concerns surrounding Alibaba stock itself. As I wrote last month, BABA stock simplyisn't as cheap as it looks. That's true even after another 10% decline.And, in the near-term, Alibaba stock could face more pressure. External concerns aren't abating - and, for several reasons, BABA stock could face an outsized impact. Long-term, the recent weakness could just be a blip in the road. But, right now, I'm not quite ready to go flying into BABA stock just yet.The Uncertainty Problem for Alibaba StockNervous investors generally run from uncertain stocks. And, as impressive as the Alibaba story is, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty here.Many investors remainskeptical about the company's accounting. The same is true forthe country as a whole. Alibaba continues to execute complex joint venture transactions that raise eyebrows. AsMarketWatchpointed out, a recent reorganization of its money-losing Koubei JVallowed the company to book a gain. Alibabagave up control of a partnership in Russiaand has taken in quite a bit of cash in similar deals over the years despite the fact that internal cash flow should, in theory, fund many of those investments.Alibaba quite clearly is not a fraud, but there are issues of trust surrounding its numbers (includingthe impact of "brushing" on its GMV, or gross merchandise volume, figure). Add to that the VIE structure (BABA shareholdersdon't actually own shares of Alibaba) and there are reasons for caution here - at least.Fundamental concerns aside, there's also a notable change in the business. Founder and chairman Jack Ma isleaving the company. Surely, Alibaba will persist - but one can imagine that investors wouldn't be thrilled if Jeff Bezos leftAmazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) or Mark Zuckerberg leftFacebook(NASDAQ:FB). (The latter example may not hold at the moment, admittedly.) Ma's departure is just one more reason why cautious investors may desire a cheaper price before buying the dip in BABA stock.Are There Better China Plays Than BABA Stock?Even if Alibaba stock is near a bottom, the next question is whether BABA is the best play on the thesis that Chinese stocks, on the whole, have fallen too far. For these reasons, and others, I'm not sure it is.I look foolish for my continued recommendation of JD, for instance, but I still think that stock hasreal potential in the long run. NTES alsolooks intriguing here.iQiyi(NASDAQ:IQ), the so-calledNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) of China, offershigh reward with its high risk.BABA admittedly is cheaper than those smaller China plays. And investors looking to buy the dip in China may prefer to do so via the largest players - either Alibaba stock or that ofTencent(OTCMKTS:TCEHY). Certainly, BABA at $165 is intriguing - and there are many worse plays in what looks like an overheated global equity market.Low-Cost Investing: 7 Tips to Start Investing on a Tight BudgetBut intriguing isn't quite compelling - and $165 isn't necessarily the bottom. With news on the trade war, currency and macro fronts unlikely to reverse any time soon, the uncertainty surrounding Alibaba isn't coming to an immediate end. And the same may be true for the pressure on Alibaba stock.As of this writing, Vince Martin has no positions in any securities mentioned.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postBABA Stock Could Get Even Cheaperappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:BABA,AMZN,FB,NFLX,JD
MA	9/25/2018 12:08:00 AM	NULL	NULL	China says U.S. putting 'knife to its neck', hard to proceed on trade	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/china-says-us-putting-knife-to-its-neck-hard-to-proceed-on-trade-20180925-00101	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Yawen Chen and Ben BlanchardBEIJING, Sept 25 (Reuters) - A senior Chinese official said on Tuesday it is difficult to proceed with trade talks with the United States while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck", a day after both sides heaped fresh tariffs on each other's goods.When the talks can restart would depend on the "will" of the United States, Vice Commerce Minister Wang Shouwen said at a news conference in Beijing."Now that the United States has adopted such a huge trade restriction measure ... how can the negotiations proceed? It's not an equal negotiation," Wang said, stressing the United States has abandoned its mutual understanding with China.The Chinese government's top diplomat also told business people at a meeting in New York that talks could not take place against the backdrop of "threats and pressure", the Foreign Ministry said.Certain forces in the United States have been making groundless criticisms against China about trade and security issues, which has poisoned the atmosphere for Sino-U.S. ties and is highly irresponsible, State Councillor Wang Yi was quoted as saying, without naming anyone."If this continues, it will destroy in an instant the gains of the last four decades of China-U.S. relations," Wang told members of the U.S.-China Business Council and National Committee on United States-China Relations.U.S. representatives there included Blackstone Group LP co-founder and Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman and Mastercard Inc  Chief Executive Ajay Banga, the National Committee on United States-China Relations said on its website.China also accused the United States of engaging in "trade bullyism", and said Washington was intimidating other countries to submit to its will, according to a white paper on the dispute published by China'sState Council, or cabinet, on Monday.Several rounds of Sino-U.S. talks in recent months have appeared to produce no breakthroughs, and fresh mid-level negotiations which had been expected in coming weeks have been shelved after Beijing reportedly decided late last week not to send a delegation to Washington.While Vice Commerce Minister Wang said he still hopes "there is a way out" if both sides treat each other with sincerity, analysts say neither side looks to be in the mood to compromise in the increasingly bitter dispute, raising the risk of a lengthy battle that could chill the global economy by discouraging business investment and disrupting trade."The sharp criticism (from Beijing on Monday) suggests that China might prefer to wait out the current U.S. administration, rather than embarking on potentially futile negotiations," Mizuho Bank said in a note to clients."Given these developments, it is increasingly likely that both sides will not resume negotiations for some time, at least until there is a noticeable shift in the political mood on either side."DISRUPTING GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAINSU.S. exporters including LNG suppliers would "certainly" be hurt, but Beijing's retaliation would provide opportunities to other LNG-exporting countries, Vice Commerce Minister Wang said, adding that Australia is an important source of the fuel for China."China is a big and powerful nation, so whether it is a confrontation with China economically or militarily, it would come at a huge price," the state-backed Global Times said in an editorial on Tuesday."As such, it is an attractive prospect for other countries including the United States to coexist with China peacefully," said the newspaper, which is published by the ruling Communist Party's People'sDaily.China does not know why the United States changed its mind after reaching an agreement with China on trade earlier, Wang said. He was apparently referring to talks in May, when it appeared that the two sides had sorted out a framework before the White House backed away.Luo Wen, a vice minister at the Ministry of Industry and Information, told a news conference that the government is aware that some foreign companies are considering relocating out of China as the trade row threatens to heighten their risks and costs.But he said the government is working to accommodate their needs and reduce their tax burdens.However, the trade war risks disrupting global supply chains and throwing them into chaos, Luo said.Senior officials also once again rejected Washington's accusations that China forces foreign companies to share their technology with Chinese joint-venture partners, adding that Beijing has passed a rule forbidding government entities from such illegal behaviour."The government has not forced this, and a lot of JVs are actually performing very well in China," Wang said, giving an example of American car giant Ford."Ford produces more cars and makes more profits in China through its JV than it does in the United States," he said.Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard, Lusha Zhang and Cheng FangWriting by Ryan WooThis article appears in:Politics,Stocks,World Markets,EconomyReferenced Symbols:BX,
MA	9/25/2018 12:08:00 AM	NULL	NULL	China says hard to proceed on trade with U.S. putting 'knife to its neck'	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/china-says-hard-to-proceed-on-trade-with-us-putting-knife-to-its-neck-20180925-00019	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}China says U.S. putting 'knife to its neck', hard to proceed on tradeBy Yawen Chen and Ben BlanchardBEIJING, Sept 25 (Reuters) - A senior Chinese official said on Tuesday it is difficult to proceed with trade talks with the United States while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck", a day after both sides heaped fresh tariffs on each other's goods.When the talks can restart would depend on the "will" of the United States, Vice Commerce Minister Wang Shouwen said at a news conference in Beijing."Now that the United States has adopted such a huge trade restriction measure ... how can the negotiations proceed? It's not an equal negotiation," Wang said, stressing the United States has abandoned its mutual understanding with China.The Chinese government's top diplomat also told business people at a meeting in New York that talks could not take place against the backdrop of "threats and pressure", the Foreign Ministry said.Certain forces in the United States have been making groundless criticisms against China about trade and security issues, which has poisoned the atmosphere for Sino-U.S. ties and is highly irresponsible, State Councillor Wang Yi was quoted as saying, without naming anyone."If this continues, it will destroy in an instant the gains of the last four decades of China-U.S. relations," Wang told members of the U.S.-China Business Council and National Committee on United States-China Relations.U.S. representatives there included Blackstone Group LP co-founder and Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman and Mastercard Inc  Chief Executive Ajay Banga, the National Committee on United States-China Relations said on its website.China also accused the United States of engaging in "trade bullyism", and said Washington was intimidating other countries to submit to its will, according to a white paper on the dispute published by China'sState Council, or cabinet, on Monday.Several rounds of Sino-U.S. talks in recent months have appeared to produce no breakthroughs, and fresh mid-level negotiations which had been expected in coming weeks have been shelved after Beijing reportedly decided late last week not to send a delegation to Washington.While Vice Commerce Minister Wang said he still hopes "there is a way out" if both sides treat each other with sincerity, analysts say neither side looks to be in the mood to compromise in the increasingly bitter dispute, raising the risk of a lengthy battle that could chill the global economy by discouraging business investment and disrupting trade."The sharp criticism (from Beijing on Monday) suggests that China might prefer to wait out the current U.S. administration, rather than embarking on potentially futile negotiations," Mizuho Bank said in a note to clients."Given these developments, it is increasingly likely that both sides will not resume negotiations for some time, at least until there is a noticeable shift in the political mood on either side."DISRUPTING GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAINSU.S. exporters including LNG suppliers would "certainly" be hurt, but Beijing's retaliation would provide opportunities to other LNG-exporting countries, Vice Commerce Minister Wang said, adding that Australia is an important source of the fuel for China."China is a big and powerful nation, so whether it is a confrontation with China economically or militarily, it would come at a huge price," the state-backed Global Times said in an editorial on Tuesday."As such, it is an attractive prospect for other countries including the United States to coexist with China peacefully," said the newspaper, which is published by the ruling Communist Party's People'sDaily.China does not know why the United States changed its mind after reaching an agreement with China on trade earlier, Wang said. He was apparently referring to talks in May, when it appeared that the two sides had sorted out a framework before the White House backed away.Luo Wen, a vice minister at the Ministry of Industry and Information, told a news conference that the government is aware that some foreign companies are considering relocating out of China as the trade row threatens to heighten their risks and costs.But he said the government is working to accommodate their needs and reduce their tax burdens.However, the trade war risks disrupting global supply chains and throwing them into chaos, Luo said.Senior officials also once again rejected Washington's accusations that China forces foreign companies to share their technology with Chinese joint-venture partners, adding that Beijing has passed a rule forbidding government entities from such illegal behaviour."The government has not forced this, and a lot of JVs are actually performing very well in China," Wang said, giving an example of American car giant Ford."Ford produces more cars and makes more profits in China through its JV than it does in the United States," he said.Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard, Lusha Zhang and Cheng FangWriting by Ryan WooThis article appears in:Politics,World Markets,Stocks,EconomyReferenced Symbols:MA
MSFT	9/25/2018 2:37:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Microsoft at Ignite: Tie-Up, New AI Tools in O365 & Azure	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/microsoft-at-ignite-tie-up-new-ai-tools-in-o365-azure-cm1027773	Shutterstock photoMicrosoftMSFTannounced significant developments to its Office productivity suite, Teams, Azure cloud computing, among othersat its Ignite conference at Orlando, FL. The improvements were primarily based on artificial intelligence (AI), analytics, edge computing and Internet of Things (IoT). Notably, the conference is scheduled from Sep 24 to Sep 28.New Open Data InitiativeMicrosoft announced partnership with AdobeADBEand SAPSAPin a bid to add value to data and obtain more effective consumer data insights. The open data initiative is aimed at eliminating data silos to obtain a single view of consumer data.Theinitiativewill facilitate enterprises with customer data exchange within Dynamics 365, Adobe's Experience Cloud and Experience Platform, and SAP's S/4HANA and C/4HANA platforms. The fact that the data service is deployed on Azure provides the developers with a secure as well as privacy compliant infrastructure.It is anticipated to unlock immense business value, particularly for retail companies, including the likes of Walmart, The Coca-Cola Company and Unilever, among others. Consequently, Microsoft ups its ante against Salesforce with this initiative aimed at enhancing customer experience platform.Simplifying Security MeasuresThe new Microsoft Threat Protectionin Microsoft365 offering provides a comprehensive solution to identify cyberthreats, and mitigate them in real time.For the enterprises, the new Microsoft Authenticator app offers "password-less login" for the Azure Active Directory connected apps. The passwords are replaced withsimple unlock features combining phone with face, fingerprint, or PIN.Moreover, the company announced that Azure confidential computing will be released in early October on new Azure virtual machine ("VM") family named DC series. Notably, the new VM series is supported by Intel'sINTCSGX technology. The new service attempts to offer a secure architectureto safeguard the confidentiality of customer data.Meanwhile, the new Microsoft Secure Score service, an improvement over Office 365 Secure Score, provides enterprises with a comprehensive report for cybersecurity. The service enables the businesses to evaluate the required changes in real time.AI Tools Strengthening ServicesWith a view to boost engagement and provide personalized Cortana experience, Microsoft unveiled the new Cortana Skills Kit forEnterprise. The new platform will assist businessesto benefit more from Cortana byenhancing workforce productivity.The service can be availed by invite only and Microsoft plans to provide it to developers and companies on request, going ahead.As part of the company's AI for Good initiative, Microsoft introduced AI for Humanitarian Action at the event. It is a $40 million project spread over fiveyears aimed at addressing disaster management by leveraging robust AI technologies.Microsoft also integrated various AI tools across its services in a bid to make them smarter. For instance,Microsoft 365 with Microsoft Search, Office 365 with Ideas, Excel with Data Types and new meeting features in Microsoft Teams.New IoT Developments in AzureMicrosoft strengthened its Azure platform with new features by leveraging IoT technology.The new Azure Digital Twins IoT platform allows developers to build digital models that can virtuallyresemblethe physical world in a bid to provide personalized solutions to optimize the use of physical space.The availability of Azure IoT Central, enhanced Azure Maps with Map Control API and Azure Sphere remain notable developments in this space.Other DevelopmentsMicrosoft also announced the new Azure-supported Windows Virtual Desktop service at the event. The service which offers a virtual Windows 10 experience is compliant with Office 365 ProPlus.The new multi-user service will enable customers to benefit from the security and compliance features of Azure cloud platform.Further, the company also stated that it will introduce Surface Hub 2S in the second quarter of 2019. Surface Hub 2S can run on both on-premise as well as hybrid architecture and support Microsoft Teams.The company will launch Surface Hub 2X in 2020. It will enable the user to rotate and adjust the screen as required. It will also support multiple user login.Both Surface Hub 2S and Surface Hub 2X feature a 50.5-inch display, 4K camera and enhanced microphones.What the Investors Need to Know?Microsoft is increasingly focused on enhancing services by leveraging AI and other emerging technologies. We believe the tech giant's push in this domain will help it to compete against peers like Amazon, Alphabet, to name a few.Shares of Microsoft have returned 35.8% year to date, substantially outperforming theindustry's rally of 29.6%. The stock has also fared better than the SP 500 index's rise of 10.7%.In fact, per a report by MarketsandMarkets, the AI market is anticipated to hit $190.61 billion by 2025 at a CAGR of approximately 36.6% from $16.06 billion valued in 2017. The report reinforces Microsoft's intention to tap into the immense potential of AI.To ConcludeMicrosoft is putting its best foot forward to get ahead of the curve by capitalizing and enhancing AI and IoT use, across majority of its offerings. The new initiatives, in this regard, are expected to bolster company's top-line, going ahead.Zacks RankMicrosoft carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis ReportSAP SE (SAP): Free Stock Analysis ReportIntel Corporation (INTC): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:MSFT,ADBE,SAP,INTC
MSFT	9/25/2018 2:34:00 PM	NULL	NULL	American Express Is Hiking Its Dividend	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/american-express-is-hiking-its-dividend-cm1027582	American Express(AXP) plans to boost its dividend by 11%.The company's board on Monday declared a quarterly payout of 39 cents a share, up from 35 cents. American Express stock, which yields 1.3%, has returned 26.4% in the past year, outpacing the SP 500 by about seven percentage points.The credit card giant suffered a big setback when its relationship withCostco Wholesale(COST) ended. American Express had offered a co-branded card with the retailer.The company earned $5.65 in 2016, up 5% from the previous year, and $5.87 in 2017. American Express paid out $1.34 of dividends last year for a payout ratio of 23%, suggesting plenty of more upside for future dividend hikes.Analysts expect the company to earn $7.27 a share this year.A higher dividend isn't the only reason to be bullish on the stock. In a note Tuesday, Bill Carcache of Instinet Equity Research wrote that the company is "focused on improving the digital lives" of its customers. Its various initiatives include testing blockchain technology. He has a Buy on the stock with a price target of $128, about 15% above its current price.Read more:6 Tech Stocks With Solid DividendsThe company recently tapped Patrick Franklin as its new chief technology officer. Franklin is a seasoned executive whose resume includes working atMicrosoft(MSFT),Amazon.com(AMZN) and Google parentAlphabet(GOOGL).The quarterly disbursement is payable on Nov. 9 to shareholders of record on Oct. 5.Follow@lawlcsWrite toLawrence C. Strauss atlawrence.strauss@barrons.comThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:AXP,COST,MSFT,AMZN,GOOGL
MSFT	9/25/2018 2:24:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Microsoft, Adobe & SAP Partnership to Raise the Bar in CRM	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/microsoft-adobe-sap-partnership-to-raise-the-bar-in-crm-cm1027790	Shutterstock photoMicrosoftMSFTannounced partnership with AdobeADBEand SAPSAPas part of new Open Data Initiative at its Ignite conference at Orlando, FL. As the name suggests, the initiative is aimed to add value to data and obtain more effective consumer data insights.The segregation of customer data will facilitate data exchange among Dynamics 365, Adobe's Experience Cloud and Experience Platform, and SAP's S/4HANA and C/4HANA platforms through common data architecture.The Open Data Initiatives is aimed at removing data silos in order to aid organizations in handling data better along with providing support and security measures to their customers.Each of the three companies involved will benefit from robust data driven insights consequently strengthening the respective customer experience management ("CXM") platforms.Taking the Fight to SalesforceThe customer relationship management ("CRM") and enterprise resource planning ("ERP") providers including Salesforce.comCRMand Oracle, among others are striving to enhance their portfolio by integrating their offerings with AI.However, Microsoft intends to get ahead of the curve by innovative techniques in CRM domain. In this data-driven era, the new initiative is expected to poise the company and its partners well to better assess purchasing behavior and other trend about customers.Azure Platform: A Key CatalystNotably the"common data lake service" will leverage Azure cloud platform. This unified data store will enable customers their choice of development tools and applications to build and deploy services in Azure.The fact that the data service is deployed on Azure provides the developers with a secure as well as privacy compliant infrastructure.What the Investors Need to Know?Shares of Microsoft have returned 35.8% year to date, substantially outperforming theindustry's rally of 29.6%. The stock has also fared better than the SP 500 index's rise of 10.7%.This outperformance can primarily be attributed to its rapidly expanding efforts in AI and IoT based developments. Undisturbed focus on Azure remains a key catalyst.Consumer data holds immense potential in this digital era, particularly for retail companies. The new initiative is already witnessing support from notable retail players, including the likes of Walmart, The Coca-Cola Company and Unilever, among others.We believe as more companies join the initiative, the common data platform will gain strength and businesses will be able to lock meaningful insights.Zacks RankMicrosoft carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportSalesforce.com Inc (CRM): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis ReportSAP SE (SAP): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:MSFT,CRM,ADBE,SAP
MSFT	9/25/2018 2:13:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Google Boosts Search Initiatives With Search Engine Updates	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/google-boosts-search-initiatives-with-search-engine-updates-cm1027792	Shutterstock photoAlphabet'sGOOGLdivision Google is leaving no stone unturned to fortify its presence further on the back of its innovative technologies.The company has unveiled a number of new features on its search engine namely Featured Videos, Activity Card, Collections, Enhancing Topics, Discover, Image Search, Google Lens and Pathways. Further, it has introduced Discover feed specific preferences for the languages and additional related content features.These updates are aimed at enhancing the search results by modifying the feed content, giving direct access to videos related to search topics, providing images with tags and the comfort of selecting language specific to search topics.Additionally, Google is improving job search results by providing information on training programs depending on the type of job being searched and its availability.All these endeavors are likely to increase traffic on the company's search platform which in turn will help the company in sustaining its dominant position in the search world.Coming to price performance, shares of Google have returned 12% on a year-to-date basis against theindustry's decline of 8.7%.Increasing Search InitiativesNotably, the global search market holds immense potential for growth in the long haul, thanks to the increasing penetration of internet usage worldwide.Google's continued efforts to deliver better search experience to the users will aid it to getting the best out of this potential market.Recently, the company rolled out a new search engine called Dataset Search to cater to the needs of scientists and data journalists primarily. Dataset Search will allow the scientific community to access data on weather, environment, social sciences and many more aspects which are not publically available but required for their research works.Apart from this, the company's search portfolio contains Google Scholar, which is a search engine especially for academic studies.Further, the company has updated its Chrome browser which enables the users sign in automatically if they are using any Google services. Moreover, the latest update will sync bookmarks, browsing history and saved passwords if the user signs in on a different computer.We believe the company's strong endeavors toward innovation of its search segment will continue to aid its momentum in the market.Reportedly, Google underwent 200K experiments last year and brought in 2,500 changes in its search engine.All these will aid top-line growth of Google's search business which is the most significant unit of the company.Alphabet Inc. Revenue (TTM)Alphabet Inc. Revenue (TTM)|Alphabet Inc. QuoteRising CompetitionGoogle's vast search platform and strengthening artificial intelligence (AI) skills will continue to aid its competitive position in the rapidly growing worldwide search market against the other tech companies like MicrosoftMSFT, BaiduBIDU, YandexYNDXand Yahoo.Per the latest report from StatCounter Global Stats, the shares of Microsoft's Bing, Baidu, Yandex and Yahoo in the global search engine market are pegged at 3.2%, 1.4%, 0.6% and 2.5%, respectively, as of August 2018.Meanwhile, Google's market share stands at 90.9% which is way ahead of its peers.However, growing litigation issues and privacy concerns among people worldwide regarding vast personal data stored on Google's platform are major negatives.Currently, Alphabet carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportYandex N.V. (YNDX): Free Stock Analysis ReportBaidu, Inc. (BIDU): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:YNDX,BIDU,GOOGL,MSFT
MSFT	9/25/2018 2:10:07 PM	NULL	NULL	Why the Earnings Surprise Streak Could Continue for Microsoft (MSFT)	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-the-earnings-surprise-streak-could-continue-for-microsoft-msft-cm1027794	Shutterstock photo
MSFT	9/25/2018 10:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	The Salesforce vs. Microsoft Battle Just Heated Up (Again)	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-salesforce-vs-microsoft-battle-just-heated-up-again-cm1027418	The expansion of enterprise software providerSalesforce(NYSE: CRM) has been relentless, and that has put the company at   odds withMicrosoft(NASDAQ: MSFT) many times. Since Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella took   over a few years ago, therelationship between the two competitors has   warmedcompared with the cold war they used to wage. Salesforce and   Microsoft customers can even integrate the two software   platforms, a capability that is advertised on both companies'   websites.It seems the contest is heating up once again, though, asSalesforce's expansion gets more aggressiveand Microsoft has made acloud-based business model transformation. In September, each announced new software capabilities aimed at   consolidating customer relationships into its own platform and   not the other company's. It could be an early sign that the cloud   computing industry is about to get a lot more competitive.Subtle shots fired...againSalesforce's subsidiary Quip -- a cloud-based collaboration   tool armed with word processing and spreadsheets -- just added an   alternative to Microsoft's PowerPoint called Slides. Since   acquiring it back in 2016, Salesforce has continued to build out   Quip's capabilities to the point that it's virtually a   replacement for the basic work solutions in Microsoft's Office   365.Microsoft's most recent addition is bigger news. The company   announced it's adding artificial intelligence to its Dynamics   customer service and marketing software. Salesforce has been aleader in AIfor business with its Einstein platform, which powers insights   and suggestions across the company's suite of software. Now   Microsoft users will get something similar in their digital   workspaces.While that move was playing catch-up, Microsoft simultaneously   announced a one-up: mixed-reality integration with Dynamics. The   new software builds on theHoloLensdevice that Microsoft released two years ago. Companies can now   use data from Dynamics to provide information in context to their   workforces using the HoloLens. Salesforce is compatible withFacebook's Oculus Rift virtual reality headsets, but an out-of-the-box   solution for enterprises is a first point scored for   Microsoft.Image source: Getty Images.Cloud computing is the rage, but for how long?Cloud computing, especially services geared toward business   and enterprise, has been growing by leaps and bounds the last few   years. The world economy is transitioning to digital, and the   cloud is making iteasier and cost effectivefor big businesses to make the switch. That has led to big gains   for shareholders; theVanguard Information Technology ETF's return of over 300% in the last decade is proof of that.In the fast-growing digital economy, there's been plenty of   elbow room for all players so far. Salesforce and Microsoft's   recent software expansion announcements could be the latest   indication that this is changing, though. The biggest contestants   are shoring up their platforms to retain clients, and their   diverse lists of offerings are starting to look less like   differentiation and more like incremental sales additions.   Earlier this year, Salesforce's acquisition ofMuleSoftwas its biggest to date by far. But plenty of other companies got   there first -- like Microsoft, which operates the Flow data   integration app.Atlassianand Slack'srecent entanglementis another example of best-in-class software companies teaming up   to prevent client migration to a rival platform.That isn't necessarily an impending sign of trouble,   especially for juggernauts like Salesforce and Microsoft.   However, with the cloud computing industry getting crowded, the   two companies playing copycat in an attempt to round out their   software suites shows that a slowdown might be around the corner.   Since many cloud companies are sacrificing profit now to maximize   growth, some could get knocked down if the pace of digital   adoption takes a breather.10 stocks we like better than MicrosoftWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Microsoft wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member     of The Motley Fool's board of directors; LinkedIn is owned by     Microsoft.Nicholas Rossolilloand his clients own shares of FB, Microsoft,     Salesforce.com, and VGT. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends TEAM, FB, and Salesforce.com. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:MSFT,CRM
INTC	9/25/2018 3:43:50 PM	NULL	NULL	iShares Edge MSCI USA Momentum Factor ETF Experiences Big Inflow	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/ishares-edge-msci-usa-momentum-factor-etf-experiences-big-inflow-cm1027730	Shutterstock photoLooking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered atETF Channel, one standout is the iShares Edge MSCI USA Momentum Factor ETF (Symbol: MTUM) where we have detected an approximate $65.2 million dollar inflow -- that's a 0.6% increase week over week in outstanding units (from 86,950,000 to 87,500,000). Among the largest underlying components of MTUM, in trading today JPMorgan ChaseCo (Symbol: JPM) is up about 1%, Intel Corp (Symbol: INTC) is down about 1.8%, and Abbott Laboratories (Symbol: ABT) is up by about 0.4%.For a complete list of holdings, visit the MTUM Holdings page »The chart below shows the one year price performance of MTUM, versus its 200 day moving average:Looking at the chart above, MTUM's low point in its 52 week range is $88.58 per share, with $119.0671 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $118.80. Comparing the most recent share price to the 200 day moving average can also be a useful technical analysis technique --learn more about the 200 day moving average ».Exchange traded funds (ETFs) trade just like stocks, but instead of ''shares'' investors are actually buying and selling ''units''. These ''units'' can be traded back and forth just like stocks, but can also be created or destroyed to accommodate investor demand. Each week we monitor the week-over-week change in shares outstanding data, to keep a lookout for those ETFs experiencing notable inflows (many new units created) or outflows (many old units destroyed). Creation of new units will mean the underlying holdings of the ETF need to be purchased, while destruction of units involves selling underlying holdings, so large flows can also impact the individual components held within ETFs.Click here to find out which 9 other ETFs had   notable inflows »The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,ETFsReferenced Symbols:MTUM,JPM,INTC,ABT
INTC	9/25/2018 2:52:00 PM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St mixed as chip stocks tumble and energy climbs	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-mixed-as-chip-stocks-tumble-and-energy-climbs-20180925-01132	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ or typeLIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Energy stocks jump asoil priceshit four-year high* Intel, other chipmakers hit by broker rating cuts* Indexes: Dow +0.21 pct, SP 500 -0.11 pct, Nasdaq +0.16pct (Adds investor comment, detail on indexes)By Noel RandewichSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were mixed on Tuesday as aboost from the energy sector and strong consumer confidence datahelped offset losses in chipmakers and utilities ahead of anexpected Federal Reserve interest rate hike.The SP 500 energy index .SPNY added 0.66 percent, themost among the 11 major SP sectors, as Brent oil hit afour-year high, boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranianexports, and OPEC and Russia's reluctance to raise output. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0KRU.S. consumer confidence unexpectedly rose in September,lifting it closer to levels last seen in 2000, the ConferenceBoard said, underscoring strength in the labor market andoverall economy. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WB0RBThat pushed the SP 500 consumer discretionary index .SPLRCD up 0.57 percent, making it the biggest boost to allthree of Wall Street's main indexes."A lot of the noise around trade and anything else aroundpolitics really hasn't suppressed consumer confidence nearly tothe degree that the other factors have boosted it," said MikeDowdall, investment strategist for BMO Global Asset Management,in Chicago.The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.47percent, weighing on the SP 500 technology index .SPLRCT ,after brokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on anumber of chipmakers. IntelINTC.O fell 1.61 percent afterRaymond James downgraded the stock.Five of the SP 500 sector indexes are down in 2018,including the consumer staple index's .SPLRCS 5.4 percentloss. The other six are up year to date, led by the technologyindex's .SPLRCT 19 percent rally."There are different stories for different sectors, it's afinicky little market," said Dennis Dick, a proprietary traderat Bright Trading LLC. "If you're a money manager, you have tobe very careful about what you're buying."At 2:36 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI wasdown 0.21 percent at 26,506.71 points, while the SP 500 .SPX lost 0.11 percent to 2,916.2. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added0.16 percent to 8,005.99.Financials .SPSY , including bank stocks .BKX , gave upearlier gains to trade down 0.3 percent ahead of an expectedinterest rate hike by the Fed on Wednesday.   "There is a bit of range in trading as people get ready forthe Fed meeting," said Dowdall.Utilities .SPLRCU slid 1.17 percent and consumer stapleslost 0.60 percent.NikeNKE.N was up 0.8 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults, expected after the bell. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WB1D4CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 7 percent after Chief FinancialOfficer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprise move to joinT-Mobile US Inc TMUS.O to oversee its integration with SprintS.N .T-Mobile rose 0.8 percent and Sprint added 0.9 percent.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a1.08-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.17-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The SP 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; theNasdaq Composite recorded 62 new highs and 41 new lows.   (Additional reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in BengaluruEditing by Nick Zieminski) ((noel.randewich@tr.com; Twitter handle: @randewich  (415) 6772542; Reuters Messaging:noel.randewich.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:CTL,
INTC	9/25/2018 2:37:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Microsoft at Ignite: Tie-Up, New AI Tools in O365 & Azure	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/microsoft-at-ignite-tie-up-new-ai-tools-in-o365-azure-cm1027773	Shutterstock photoMicrosoftMSFTannounced significant developments to its Office productivity suite, Teams, Azure cloud computing, among othersat its Ignite conference at Orlando, FL. The improvements were primarily based on artificial intelligence (AI), analytics, edge computing and Internet of Things (IoT). Notably, the conference is scheduled from Sep 24 to Sep 28.New Open Data InitiativeMicrosoft announced partnership with AdobeADBEand SAPSAPin a bid to add value to data and obtain more effective consumer data insights. The open data initiative is aimed at eliminating data silos to obtain a single view of consumer data.Theinitiativewill facilitate enterprises with customer data exchange within Dynamics 365, Adobe's Experience Cloud and Experience Platform, and SAP's S/4HANA and C/4HANA platforms. The fact that the data service is deployed on Azure provides the developers with a secure as well as privacy compliant infrastructure.It is anticipated to unlock immense business value, particularly for retail companies, including the likes of Walmart, The Coca-Cola Company and Unilever, among others. Consequently, Microsoft ups its ante against Salesforce with this initiative aimed at enhancing customer experience platform.Simplifying Security MeasuresThe new Microsoft Threat Protectionin Microsoft365 offering provides a comprehensive solution to identify cyberthreats, and mitigate them in real time.For the enterprises, the new Microsoft Authenticator app offers "password-less login" for the Azure Active Directory connected apps. The passwords are replaced withsimple unlock features combining phone with face, fingerprint, or PIN.Moreover, the company announced that Azure confidential computing will be released in early October on new Azure virtual machine ("VM") family named DC series. Notably, the new VM series is supported by Intel'sINTCSGX technology. The new service attempts to offer a secure architectureto safeguard the confidentiality of customer data.Meanwhile, the new Microsoft Secure Score service, an improvement over Office 365 Secure Score, provides enterprises with a comprehensive report for cybersecurity. The service enables the businesses to evaluate the required changes in real time.AI Tools Strengthening ServicesWith a view to boost engagement and provide personalized Cortana experience, Microsoft unveiled the new Cortana Skills Kit forEnterprise. The new platform will assist businessesto benefit more from Cortana byenhancing workforce productivity.The service can be availed by invite only and Microsoft plans to provide it to developers and companies on request, going ahead.As part of the company's AI for Good initiative, Microsoft introduced AI for Humanitarian Action at the event. It is a $40 million project spread over fiveyears aimed at addressing disaster management by leveraging robust AI technologies.Microsoft also integrated various AI tools across its services in a bid to make them smarter. For instance,Microsoft 365 with Microsoft Search, Office 365 with Ideas, Excel with Data Types and new meeting features in Microsoft Teams.New IoT Developments in AzureMicrosoft strengthened its Azure platform with new features by leveraging IoT technology.The new Azure Digital Twins IoT platform allows developers to build digital models that can virtuallyresemblethe physical world in a bid to provide personalized solutions to optimize the use of physical space.The availability of Azure IoT Central, enhanced Azure Maps with Map Control API and Azure Sphere remain notable developments in this space.Other DevelopmentsMicrosoft also announced the new Azure-supported Windows Virtual Desktop service at the event. The service which offers a virtual Windows 10 experience is compliant with Office 365 ProPlus.The new multi-user service will enable customers to benefit from the security and compliance features of Azure cloud platform.Further, the company also stated that it will introduce Surface Hub 2S in the second quarter of 2019. Surface Hub 2S can run on both on-premise as well as hybrid architecture and support Microsoft Teams.The company will launch Surface Hub 2X in 2020. It will enable the user to rotate and adjust the screen as required. It will also support multiple user login.Both Surface Hub 2S and Surface Hub 2X feature a 50.5-inch display, 4K camera and enhanced microphones.What the Investors Need to Know?Microsoft is increasingly focused on enhancing services by leveraging AI and other emerging technologies. We believe the tech giant's push in this domain will help it to compete against peers like Amazon, Alphabet, to name a few.Shares of Microsoft have returned 35.8% year to date, substantially outperforming theindustry's rally of 29.6%. The stock has also fared better than the SP 500 index's rise of 10.7%.In fact, per a report by MarketsandMarkets, the AI market is anticipated to hit $190.61 billion by 2025 at a CAGR of approximately 36.6% from $16.06 billion valued in 2017. The report reinforces Microsoft's intention to tap into the immense potential of AI.To ConcludeMicrosoft is putting its best foot forward to get ahead of the curve by capitalizing and enhancing AI and IoT use, across majority of its offerings. The new initiatives, in this regard, are expected to bolster company's top-line, going ahead.Zacks RankMicrosoft carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here.More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone!It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.Click here for the 6 tradesWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis ReportSAP SE (SAP): Free Stock Analysis ReportIntel Corporation (INTC): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:MSFT,ADBE,SAP,INTC
INTC	9/25/2018 2:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-GE, McDonald's, Jabil, Tilray, Automakers	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocks-on-the-movege-mcdonalds-jabil-tilray-automakers-20180925-01115	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}The Day Aheadnewsletter:The Morning News Callnewsletter:U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as the boost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence data helped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive shares ahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hikeThe top three SP 500  percentage gainers:** Abiomed Inc, up 4.5 pct** CF Industries Holdings Inc, up 2.7 pct** Northrop Grumman Corp, up 2.7 pctThe top three SP 500  percentage losers:** Centurylink Inc, down 7.5 pct** A. O. Smith Corp, down 4.8 pct** Microchip Technology Inc, down 4.1 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage gainers:** XO Group Inc, up 25.8 pct** Intelsat S.A., up 17.6 pct** Marine Products Corp, up 14.6 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage losers:** Pedevco Corp, down 20.4 pct** New Concept Energy Inc, down 19.7 pct** Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc, down 12.8 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage gainers:** Jaguar Health Inc, up 220 pct** Applied Genetic Technologies Corp, up 33.6 pct** Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB, up 32.3 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage losers:** SAExploration Holdings Inc, down 50.3 pct** TG Therapeutics Inc, down 36.8 pct** Xenetic Biosciences Inc, down 20.9 pct**FacebookInc: down 0.2 pctInstagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exitFacebook: Drops as Instagram co-founders resign** Comcast Corp: up 0.2 pctComcast crosses 30 percent Sky threshold after buying shares** Intel Corp: down 1.9 pct** Analog Devices Inc: down 2.5 pct** Microchip Technology Inc: down 4.1 pctSemiconductor stocks down on Raymond James downgrade** Square Inc: up 9.4 pct** Paychex Inc: down 1.9 pct** Automatic Data Processing: down 1.1 pctSquare: Analysts hike targets, see growth aheadSquare hits record high on new Payroll App; Intuit, ADP, Paychex fall** General Motors Co: down 3.2 pct** Ford Motor Co: down 1.8 pct** Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.: down 1.5 pct** Autoliv Inc: down 5.0 pct** Visteon Corp: down 3.5 pct** BorgWarner Inc: down 2.5 pctU.S. automakers, parts makers dip on BMW profit warning** Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 5.3 pctSyndax: Tumbles after update on cancer drug in mid-stage study** XO Group Inc: up 25.8 pctXO Group: Jumps after go-pvt deal** MiMedx Group Inc: down 4.8 pctMiMedx: Diabetic foot ulcer trial using umbilical cord shows promise** Oxford Immunotec Global PLC: up 16.6 pctOxford Immunotec: Up as Quest Diagnostics agrees to buy co's U.S. lab services unit** Aurora Cannabis Inc: up 5.4 pctAurora Cannabis Inc: Up on strong fourth-quarter results** Tandem Diabetes Care Inc: up 8.5 pctTandem Diabetes Care: Up on increased sales forecast** Workiva Inc: up 6.0 pctWorkiva stock gets a raise as Baird promotes to "outperform"** Sonic Corp: up 18.4 pctSonic: Jumps as Inspire Brands to acquire co for $1.57 bln** Basic Energy Services Inc: up 10.7 pctBasic Energy Services: Eyes biggest one-day climb in nearly a year** AnaptysBio Inc: down 6.4 pctAnaptysBio: Bottom of biotech index on $200 mln stock deal** Holly Energy Partners LP: down 5.7 pctHolly Energy Partners: Slips as Barclays downgrades to 'underweight'** A. O. Smith Corp: down 4.9 pctAt yr-low as SunTrust warns of China growth slowdown** General Electric Co: down 4.0 pctGE dips below 9-yr low as turbine blade problem lingers** NII Holdings Inc: up 4.7 pctNII Holdings: Jumps on report TIM discussed a bid for Nextel** WT Offshore Inc: up 0.8 pctWT Offshore: Rises on sale of non-core asset** McDonald's Corp: up 2.3 pctMcDonald's: Cowen sees market share gains, but wary of raising estimates** American Outdoor Brands Corp: up 2.9 pct** Tesla Inc: down 0.9 pctTesla is making its own car carriers** MarshMcLennan Companies Inc: down 0.9 pctMarshMcLennan: Raymond James downgrades by two notches to "underperform"** Alcoa Corp: down 1.2 pctAlcoa: Setting up for another miss** Jabil Inc: down 9.2 pctJabil Inc: Forecast Q1 revenue above estimates** Jaguar Health Inc: up 220.0 pctJaguar Health: Surges on partnering with Canada'sKnight Therapeutics** Tilray Inc: up 15.3 pctTilray: To snap 3-day losing streak on Australia medical cannabis deal** Applied DNA Sciences IncAPDN.O: up 8.9 pctApplied DNA: Soars as co expands its cannabis tagging system** TG Therapeutics Inc: down 36.8 pctTG Therapeutics: Slips as co drops plans to seek speedy approval for leukemia drug** Michael Kors Holdings Ltd: up 1.4 pctMichael Kors: Down after co confirms deal to buy Versace** CenturyLink Inc: down 7.5 pctCenturyLink: CFO exit timing "not ideal", but co "in good hands"CenturyLink: Biggest drop in 2 years on surprise CFO exit** Gemphire Therapeutics Inc: down 3.1 pctGemphire Therapeutics: Plunges on job cuts, including top executives** Cypress Semiconductor Corp: down 6.2 pctCypress Semiconductor: KeyBanc downgrades on margin concerns** Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 3.1 pctReata Pharmaceuticals: Gains as kidney drug meets trial goal** Sirius XM Holdings: down 0.1 pct** Pandora Media Inc: up 0.2 pctStreet View: SiriusXM finally bites Pandora MediaWedbush says investor reaction makes Sirius-Pandora deal unlikely** Amazon.com Inc: up 1.3 pct** Signet Jewelers Ltd: up 0.4 pct** TiffanyCo: down 0.4 pctPandora: Amazon competition threat weighsAmazon cashierless stores to pressure retail REITs -Jefferies** Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 17.9 pctOpiant Pharma: Stock offering priced at discount** Verastem Inc: down 15.1 pctVerastem: Jumps after FDA approves blood cancer drug** Science Applications International Corp: up 2.9 pctSAIC: Jefferies upgrades on boost from Engility buy** Pluristem Therapeutics Inc: up 3.1 pctPluristem: Gets FDA's orphan status for cell therapy in additional indications** Canopy Growth Corp: up 2.9 pctCanopy Growth: Benchmark starts with 'buy', sets highest PT on Street** Ascena Retail Group Inc: up 13.2 pctAscena Retail Group: Jumps on big Q4 comp sales beat** Digital Realty Trust Inc: down 1.7 pctDigital Realty: Falls on discounted stock offeringThe 11 major SP 500 sectors:Consumer Discretionaryup 0.32 pctConsumer Staplesdown 0.67 pctEnergyup 0.61 pctFinancialdown 0.38 pctHealthdown 0.16 pctIndustrialdown 0.32 pctInformation Technologydown 0.19 pctMaterialsdown 0.46 pctReal Estatedown 0.05 pctTeleservicesup 0.13 pctUtilitiesdown 1.31 pctThis article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:AA,
INTC	9/25/2018 2:12:05 PM	NULL	NULL	Dow Movers: INTC, WMT	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/dow-movers-intc-wmt-cm1027598	Shutterstock photoIn early trading on Tuesday, shares of Walmart (WMT) topped the list of the day's best performing Dow Jones Industrial Average components, trading up 1.2%. Year to date, Walmart has lost about 2.7% of its value.And the worst performing Dow component thus far on the day is Intel Corp (INTC), trading down 2.1%. Intel Corp is lower by about 0.5% looking at the year to date performance.Two other components making moves today are UnitedHealth Group (UNH), trading down 0.5%, and McDonald's (MCD), trading up 1.0% on the day.VIDEO: Dow Movers: INTC, WMTThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:WMT,INTC,UNH,MCD
INTC	9/25/2018 1:36:00 PM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as energy gains offset losses in chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-losses-in-chip-stocks-20180925-01067	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ or typeLIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Energy stocks jump asoil priceshit 4-year high* Intel, other chipmakers hit by broker rating cuts* Banks flat, utilities drop ahead of expected rate hike* Indexes up: 0.04 pct, SP 0.01 pct, Nasdaq 0.12 pct (Changes comment, updates prices, adds details)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as theboost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence datahelped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive sharesahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hike.Energy stocks .SPNY jumped 0.89 percent, the most amongthe 11 major SP sectors, as Brent oil hit a four-year high,boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranian exports, and OPECand Russia's reluctance to raise output. O/RU.S. consumer confidence unexpectedly rose in September,lifting it closer to levels last seen in 2000, the ConferenceBoard said, underscoring strength in the labor market andoverall economy. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WB0GLThat lifted the consumer discretionary index .SPLRCD up0.46 percent, making it the biggest boost to all three of WallStreet's main indexes."A lot of the noise around trade and anything else aroundpolitics really hasn't suppressed consumer confidence nearly tothe degree that the other factors have boosted it," said MikeDowdall, investment strategist for BMO Global Asset Management,in Chicago.The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.73percent, weighing on the technology sector .SPLRCT , afterbrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on anumber of chipmakers.Helping the market pull back from slight losses wasFacebookFB.O . The stock was marginally lower after falling more than 2percent earlier in the day on resignation of Instagramco-founders. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB3A0At 12:50 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 11.14 points, or 0.04 percent, at 26,573.19, the SP 500 .SPX was up 0.37 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,919.74 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 9.79 points, or 0.12 percent, at8,003.04."There is a bit of range in trading as people get ready forthe Fed meeting tomorrow," said Dowdall.Financials .SPSY , including bank stocks .BKX , gave upearlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected rate hike bythe Fed on Wednesday.Utilities .SPLRCU slid 1.47 percent and consumer staples .SPLRCS 0.53 percent.IntelINTC.O fell 2.0 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock.NikeNKE.N was up 0.8 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults, expected after the bell.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 7 percent after Chief FinancialOfficer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprise move to joinT-Mobile TMUS.O to oversee its integration with SprintS.N .T-Mobile was up 0.2 percent and Sprint 0.7 percent.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.08-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and by a 1.26-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 31 new 52-week highs and eight newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 55 new highs and 39 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:CTL,
INTC	9/25/2018 1:36:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Wall St flat as energy gains offset losses in chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-losses-in-chip-stocks-20180925-01066	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were flat on Tuesday as the boost from energy sector and strong consumer confidence data helped offset losses in chipmakers and rate-sensitive shares ahead of an expected Federal Reserve interest rate hike.Energy stocks  jumped 0.89 percent, the most among the 11 major SP sectors, as Brent oil hit a four-year high, boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranian exports, and OPEC and Russia's reluctance to raise output.That lifted the consumer discretionary index  up 0.46 percent, making it the biggest boost to all three of Wall Street's main indexes."A lot of the noise around trade and anything else around politics really hasn't suppressed consumer confidence nearly to the degree that the other factors have boosted it," said Mike Dowdall, investment strategist for BMO Global Asset Management, in Chicago.The Philadelphia semiconductor index  dropped 1.73 percent, weighing on the technology sector, after brokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on a number of chipmakers.Helping the market pull back from slight losses wasFacebook. The stock was marginally lower after falling more than 2 percent earlier in the day on resignation of Instagram co-founders.At 12:50 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was up 11.14 points, or 0.04 percent, at 26,573.19, the SP 500  was up 0.37 points, or 0.01 percent, at 2,919.74 and the Nasdaq Composite  was up 9.79 points, or 0.12 percent, at 8,003.04."There is a bit of range in trading as people get ready for the Fed meeting tomorrow," said Dowdall.Financials, including bank stocks, gave up earlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected rate hike by the Fed on Wednesday.Utilities  slid 1.47 percent and consumer staples  0.53 percent.Intel  fell 2.0 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock.Nike  was up 0.8 percent ahead of its quarterly results, expected after the bell.CenturyLink  tumbled 7 percent after Chief Financial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprise move to join T-Mobile  to oversee its integration with Sprint.T-Mobile was up 0.2 percent and Sprint 0.7 percent.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.08-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and by a 1.26-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 31 new 52-week highs and eight new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 55 new highs and 39 new lows.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:CTL,
INTC	9/25/2018 1:00:06 PM	NULL	NULL	Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for September 26, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-klic-ex-dividend-date-scheduled-for-september-26-2018-cm1027490	Shutterstock photoKulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) will begin trading ex-dividend on September 26, 2018. A cash dividend payment of $0.12 per share is scheduled to be paid on October 15, 2018. Shareholders who purchased KLIC prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. At the current stock price of $25.3, the dividend yield is 1.9%.The previous trading day's last sale of KLIC was $25.3, representing a -11.88% decrease from the 52 week high of $28.71 and a 28.49% increase over the 52 week low of $19.69.KLIC is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) and Intel Corporation (INTC). KLIC's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.9. Zacks Investment Research reports KLIC's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 46.13%, compared to an industry average of 26.8%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit theKLIC Dividend Historypage. OurDividend Calendarhas the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,StocksReferenced Symbols:KLIC,TSM,INTC
INTC	9/25/2018 1:00:06 PM	NULL	NULL	Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for September 26, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/cypress-semiconductor-corporation-cy-ex-dividend-date-scheduled-for-september-26-2018-cm1027491	Shutterstock photoCypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) will begin trading ex-dividend on September 26, 2018. A cash dividend payment of $0.11 per share is scheduled to be paid on October 18, 2018. Shareholders who purchased CY prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 27th quarter that CY has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $15.52, the dividend yield is 2.84%.The previous trading day's last sale of CY was $15.52, representing a -17.76% decrease from the 52 week high of $18.87 and a 10.46% increase over the 52 week low of $14.05.CY is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) and Intel Corporation (INTC). CY's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.02. Zacks Investment Research reports CY's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 76.67%, compared to an industry average of -9.4%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit theCY Dividend Historypage. OurDividend Calendarhas the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.Interested in gaining exposure to CY through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?The following ETF(s) have CY as a top-10 holding:iShares PHLX SOX Semiconductor Sector Index Fund (SOXX)ProShares Ultra Semiconductors (USD).The top-performing ETF of this group is USD with an increase of 10.72% over the last 100 days. SOXX has the highest percent weighting of CY at 1.16%.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,StocksReferenced Symbols:CY,TSM,INTC,SOXX,USD
INTC	9/25/2018 12:57:00 PM	NULL	NULL	My 2 Favorite Dividend Stocks With 4% Yields	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/my-2-favorite-dividend-stocks-with-4-yields-cm1027540	Too many investors overlook the power of dividends. In fact,   since 1926, dividends have generated nearly half of stock   investing profits from companies within the SP 500 index.   Further,dividend   stocksoffer investors consistent income and are often more stable   businesses. When investors can scoop up dividend stocks that also   have upside, it's an excellent opportunity.Anheuser-Busch InBev(NYSE: BUD) andGeneral Motors(NYSE: GM) are two of my favorite dividend stocks with current   yields topping 4%.The next auto megatrendMany investors have a difficult time looking past General   Motors' previous faults, and that's understandable. But if you've   been paying attention, Detroit's largest automaker has changed   drastically since the last recession forced its bankruptcy. It's   changed its culture, exited markets that have been unprofitable   for decades, and, instead of ignoring future trends like the old   General Motors did, has jumped on the upcoming driverless-vehicle   opportunity.The race toward driverless vehicles, and the lucrative economy   it will generate, is on and GM is ahead of the game.Intelpredicts a $7 trillion annual revenue stream to be driven by   driverless vehicles.According to Intel, "the companies that   don't prepare for self-driving risk failure or extinction." And   while GM's self-driving subsidiary, GM Cruise, hasn't been   invisible, it hasn't received nearly enough attention this   year.More specifically, the story heated up in May whenSoftBankVision Fund announced it would invest $2.25 billion in GM   Cruiseas it ramps up to produce self-driving taxis at scale in 2019.   That investment from SoftBank values GM Cruise at $11.5 billion   -- a massive increase from GM's initial 2016 Cruise Automation   purchase for a little more than $1 billion. Here's the kicker:   RBC Capital Markets auto analyst Joseph Spak did some   calculations about what those taxis could eventually generate and   came up with the possibility thatGM Cruise could be worth a staggering $43   billion.GM Cruise is one of the biggest Detroit automaker stories in   decades, and it proves the ancient automaker can indeed learn new   tricks and adapt to the next megatrend. But for those investors   needing more proof the company is viable in the near term, GM's   all-new pickups --products that are incredibly important to Detroit   automakers-- will arrive at dealers this fall. That could mean a speed bump   as older trucks sell for thinner margins, but it should mean a   strong boost in profitability and margins in 2019 as the new   pickups generate more of the sales volume. Further, one criticism   of GM's trucks was that they didn't compete with rivals at the   very high end of the luxury truck market, but management said it   expects a wider range of trims and offerings with the   next-generation truck to help narrow that gap. GM's   bread-and-butter product will be new and will drive revenues and   profits higher soon.2019 Chevrolet Silverado High Country. Image source: General     Motors.Despite a near-term catalyst of dependable full-size trucks   and a long-term catalyst of driverless-vehicle revenue, Wall   Street isn't buying the story as the U.S. new vehicle market   peaks. While that's fair, to some degree, one could argue that is   already priced into the stock: The company trades at a paltry 5.8   forward price-to-earnings ratio. On the bright side, that gives   investors a cheap entry point, a juicy 4.25% dividend yield, and   potential long-term upside if it can capitalize on the   driverless-vehicle opportunity -- and that's why it's one of my   favorite dividends above 4%.Bud is wiserAnheuser-Busch InBev, which became the world's largest brewer   through mergers that included the recent SABMiller blockbuster,   is truly the king of beers with brands including Budweiser,   Stella Artois, Foster's, Michelob, and a list of acquired craft   beers, among many others. In addition to its impressive 5.3%   dividend yield, it offers investors upside as it squeezes costs   out of its business, expands overseas, and focuses on   higher-margin sales.Anheuser-Busch is massive, with more than 19 billion-dollar   brands, and it uses its grand scale and efficient operations to   squeeze costs out of its business and acquisitions. During the   second quarter, EBITDA margin expanded by 85 basis points to   39.7%, aiding a 7% jump in total EBITDA. Management has proven   adept at generating synergies with acquisitions. Take a glance at   the $2.5 billion in merger-related cost savings already achieved,   well on the way to the $3.2 billion goal that management believes   to be achievable over the next two to three years.Graphic source: Anheuser-Bush Second-Quarter 2018 Results,     July 26, 2018.Investors can expect Anheuser-Busch to continue squeezing   costs to help boost margins, but there's more growth to be had.   And while the king of beers is far too large to be an explosive   growth company, it has remaining growth potential overseas and   can grow through premium brands. With the acquisition of   SABMiller came a larger presence in Africa, among other regions,   which opens the company up to fast-growing beer markets such as   Nigeria.Here's a unique perspectivefrom a fool.com colleague in Africa.In addition to overseas growth in Africa, among other regions,   Anheuser-Busch has an opportunity to focus on brands that sell at   a premium, such as Michelob Ultra and Stella Artois, especially   as sales of Bud Light and Budweiser slow in the U.S. market as   tastes shift from beer to spirits. One example is its Michelob   Ultra brand, a low-calorie beer that checked in as the top market   share gainer during the second quarter, which it has achieved for   13 consecutive quarters. Management also noted during the second   quarter that its recent innovations -- Michelob Ultra Pure Gold,   Bud Light Orange, and Budweiser Premium Reserve -- all performed   well.Image source: Getty Images.Ultimately, investors can expect consistent top- and   bottom-line growth from the massive beverage company as it   squeezes costs out of its operations, focuses on premium brands   and innovative new products, and expands overseas. But to make it   more enticing,Morningstar.combelieves the stock to be roughly 27% undervalued, making its fat   5.3% dividend yield one of my favorites currently.Both General Motors and Anheuser-Busch offer dividends topping   4%, as well as opportunities to expand their business through   their global brands and potential catalysts with a new focus on   driverless vehicles and premium beer products.10 stocks we like better than Anheuser-Busch InBev     NVWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Anheuser-Busch InBev NV     wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks     are even better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018Daniel Millerowns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of     and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:BUD,INTC,GM
INTC	9/25/2018 11:46:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as energy gains offset by Facebook, chip stocks	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-energy-gains-offset-by-facebook-chip-stocks-20180925-00973	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Energy stocks jump asoil priceshit 4-year high* Intel, other chipmakers hit by broker rating cuts* Indexes up: Dow 0.08 pct, SP 0.03 pct, Nasdaq 0.09 pct (Changes comment, updates prices, adds details)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - The three main U.S. stock indexes werelittle changed on Tuesday, as energy stocks gained with oilprices hitting a four-year high, offsetting losses in Facebookand chipmakers.FacebookFB.O fell 0.9 percent and was the biggest drag onthe Nasdaq and the SP 500, after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.56percent, weighing on the technology sector .SPLRCT , afterbrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc cut their rating on anumber of chipmakers."We've seen stocks in the technology sector showing strongperformance this year. We are seeing profit taking in thatsector and a rotation into some of the sectors that have notdone as well," said Jeff Zipper, managing director at U.S. BankPrivate Wealth Management in Palm Beach, Florida.Energy stocks .SPNY jumped 0.77 percent as Brent oil hit afour-year high, boosted by imminent U.S. sanctions on Iranianexports, and OPEC and Russia's reluctance to raise output. O/REnergy stocks were off their session highs, leading to aslight dip in the market, after President Donald Trump againasked OPEC nations to stop raising prices in a speech at theUnited Nations General Assembly. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nW1N1W900IFinancials .SPSY , including bank stocks .BKX , gave upearlier gains to trade flat ahead of an expected interest ratehike by the Federal Reserve at the end of its two-day meetinglater on Wednesday.The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments."Perhaps some of the rhetoric around the tariffs and thetrade talk may have put some concern into the markets that theFed might go slower and that might have kept financials back alittle bit," Zipper said.At 11:25 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 20.46 points, or 0.08 percent, at 26,582.51, the SP 500 .SPX was up 0.95 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,920.32 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 6.89 points, or 0.09 percent, at8,000.14.The Fed's third hike this year would make cash the mostattractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal ofstocks, especially those of dividend-paying companies such asutilities. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3The utilities .SPLRCU sector slid 1.06 percent, the mostamong the 11 major SP sectors. Five sectors were posting gains.IntelINTC.O fell 1.8 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock.NikeNKE.N was off 0.4 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults, expected after the bell.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 8.1 percent after ChiefFinancial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprisemove to join T-MobileTMUS.O to oversee its integration withSprint S.N , both of which were little changed on the day.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.06-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and a 1.25-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 24 new 52-week highs and seven newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 47 new highs and 30 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:CTL,
INTC	9/25/2018 11:14:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Qualcomm Accuses Apple Of Stealing Trade Secrets To Help Rival Intel	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/qualcomm-accuses-apple-of-stealing-trade-secrets-to-help-rival-intel-20180925-00910	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM) has accused Apple Inc. (AAPL) of stealing confidential and trade secrets and giving it to rival chipmaker Intel Corp. (INTC).CNBC reports that Qualcomm has filed a lawsuit accusing Apple of stealing "vast swaths" of confidential information and trade secrets for the purpose of improving the performance of chips provided by rival Intel."Unlawful use of Qualcomm's valuable trade secrets to try to help a competitor catch up irreparably harms us and must not be allowed to continue," Qualcomm general counsel Donald Rosenberg told CNBC.Apple used to be one of the biggest customers of Qualcomm, which supplied wireless modem chips for all iPhones. However, the latest allegations are part of a larger legal fight between Apple and Qualcomm, which began last year and revolves around chip royalties Apple paid to Qualcomm.Apple had sued Qualcomm last year for charging excessive royalties. Apple stopped paying the fees and subsequently has shifted to modem chips from Intel for newer iPhones. Qualcomm later countersued Apple and has sought a ban on imports of iPhones containing Intel chips.AAPL shares are currently trading at $221.23, up $0.44 or 0.20%, on the Nasdaq, while QCOM is trading at $73.147, down $0.433 or 0.59%.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2938001/qualcomm-accuses-apple-of-stealing-trade-secrets-to-help-rival-intel.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
INTC	9/25/2018 10:58:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Qualcomm Accuses Apple Of Illegally Sharing Trade Secrets With Intel	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/qualcomm-accuses-apple-of-illegally-sharing-trade-secrets-with-intel-20180925-00885	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM) has accused Apple Inc. (AAPL) of stealing trade secrets and giving them to rival Intel Corp. (INTC), according to reports citing a legal filing.The filing reportedly alleged that Apple stole trade secrets "for the purpose of improving lower-quality modem chipsets, including those manufactured by Intel, a competitor of Qualcomm, to render such chipsets useable in Apple devices with the ultimate goal of diverting Qualcomm's Apple-based business."Apple pointed to the company's comment from June 2017: "Qualcomm's illegal business practices are harming Apple and the entire industry. They supply us with a single connectivity component, but for years have been demanding a percentage of the total cost of our products - effectively taxing Apple's innovation."Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937997/qualcomm-accuses-apple-of-illegally-sharing-trade-secrets-with-intel.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
INTC	9/25/2018 10:51:00 AM	NULL	NULL	U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Facebook, automakers, XO Group, Jabil	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocks-on-the-movefacebook-automakers-xo-group-jabil-20180925-00894	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}The Day Aheadnewsletter:The Morning News Callnewsletter:U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday, as higheroil priceslifted energy stocks and banks rose in anticipation of an interest rate hike, but losses inFacebookand chipmakers weighed on the marketAt 10:17 ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was up 0.17 percent at 26,605.93. The SP 500  was up 0.08 percent at 2,921.83 and the Nasdaq Composite  was up 0.02 percent at 7,994.859.The top three SP 500  percentage gainers:** Abiomed Inc, up 3.7 pct** CF Industries Holdings Inc, up 3 pct** TechnipFMC, up 2.9 pctThe top three SP 500  percentage losers:** CenturyLink Inc, down 7.2 pct** A.O. Smith Corp, down 4.3 pct** CBOE Global Markets, down 3.5 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage gainers:** Jones Energy Inc, up 28.8 pct** XO Group Inc, up 25.6 pct** Trio-Tech International, up 11.2 pctThe top three NYSE  percentage losers:** Valhi Inc, down 12.4 pct** Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc, down 11.1 pct** Jabil Inc, down 9.4 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage gainers:** Sonic Corp, up 18.5 pct** Tilray Inc, up 15.8 pct** Oxford Immunotec Global Plc, up 14.9 pctThe top three Nasdaq  percentage losers:** SAexploration Holdings Inc, down 35.3 pct** TG Therapeutics Inc, down 34.6 pct** Xenetic Biosciences Inc, down 21 pct** Facebook Inc: down 1.4 pctInstagram co-founders resign in latest Facebook executive exitFacebook: Drops as Instagram co-founders resign** Intel Corp: down 1.8 pct** Analog Devices Inc: down 3.5 pct** Microchip Technology Inc: down 3.0 pctSemiconductor stocks down on Raymond James downgrade** General Motors Co: down 1.2 pct** Ford Motor Co: down 0.5 pct** Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V.: down 0.4 pct** Autoliv Inc: down 2.3 pct** Visteon Corp: down 1.1 pct** BorgWarner Inc: down 0.7 pctU.S. automakers, parts makers dip on BMW profit warning** XO Group Inc: up 25.6 pctWeddingWire investors to buy event planner XO in $933 mln dealXO Group: Jumps after go-pvt deal** MiMedx Group Inc: down 2.8 pctMiMedx: Diabetic foot ulcer trial using umbilical cord shows promise** Oxford Immunotec Global Plc: up 14.9 pctOxford Immunotec: Up as Quest Diagnostics agrees to buy co's U.S. lab services unit** Aurora Cannabis Inc: up 9.1 pctAurora Cannabis Inc: Up on strong fourth-quarter results** Alcoa Corp: down 2.2 pctAlcoa: Setting up for another miss** Jabil Inc: down 9.3 pctJabil Inc: Sees no improvement on margins until 2021** Jaguar Health Inc: up 135.4 pctJaguar Health: Surges on partnering with Canada'sKnight Therapeutics** Square Inc: up 5.5 pctSquare: Analysts hike targets, see growth ahead** Tilray Inc: up 15.8 pctTilray: To snap 3-day losing streak on Australia medical cannabis deal** Applied DNA Sciences IncAPDN.O: up 15.8 pctApplied DNA: Soars as co expands its cannabis tagging system** TG Therapeutics Inc: down 34.6 pctTG Therapeutics: Slips as co drops plans to seek speedy approval for leukemia drug** CenturyLink Inc: down 7.1 pctCenturyLink: CFO exit timing "not ideal", but co "in good hands"** Gemphire Therapeutics Inc: down 5.0 pctGemphire Therapeutics: Plunges on job cuts, including top executives** Cypress Semiconductor Corp: down 5.9 pctCypress Semiconductor: KeyBanc downgrades on margin concerns** Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 7.8 pctReata Pharmaceuticals: Gains as kidney drug meets trial goal** Sirius XM Holdings: down 0.2 pct** Pandora Media Inc: up 0.8 pctStreet View: SiriusXM finally bites Pandora MediaWedbush says investor reaction makes Sirius-Pandora deal unlikely** Opiant Pharmaceuticals Inc: down 17.9 pctOpiant Pharma: Stock offering priced at discount** Science Applications International Corp: up 2.5 pctSAIC: Jefferies upgrades on boost from Engility buy** Pluristem Therapeutics Inc: up 3.1 pctPluristem: Gets FDA's orphan status for cell therapy in additional indications** Canopy Growth Corp: up 3.5 pctCanopy Growth: Benchmark starts with 'buy', sets highest PT on Street** Ascena Retail Group Inc: up 8.0 pctAscena Retail Group: Jumps on big Q4 comp sales beat** Digital Realty Trust Inc: down 1.3 pctDigital Realty: Falls on discounted stock offeringThe 11 major SP 500 sectors:Consumer Discretionaryup 0.29 pctConsumer Staplesup 0.05 pctEnergyup 0.98 pctFinancialup 0.22 pctHealthup 0.18 pctIndustrialdown 0.15 pctInformation Technologydown 0.05 pctMaterialsup 0.29 pctReal Estatedown 0.11 pctTeleservicesdown 0.20 pctUtilitiesdown 0.82 pctThis article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:AA,
INTC	9/25/2018 10:25:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St flat as losses in Facebook, chip stocks offset bank, energy gains	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-flat-as-losses-in-facebook-chip-stocks-offset-bank-energy-gains-20180925-00873	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Chevron, Exxon gain asoil priceshit 4-year high* Dow up 0.16 pct, SP up 0.05 pct, Nasdaq off 0.01 pct (Updates to open)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed onTuesday, as higher oil prices lifted energy stocks and banksrose in anticipation of an interest rate hike, but losses inFacebook and chipmakers weighed on the market.FacebookFB.O fell 2.5 percent and was the biggest drag onthe Nasdaq and the SP 500, after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanationfor the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8The energy sector .SPNY jumped 0.72 percent as Brent oilprices shot to a four-year high, boosted by imminent U.S.sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the reluctance of OPECand Russia to raise output. O/RFinancials .SPSY overall rose 0.25 percent, with banks .BKX up 0.4 percent, in anticipation that the Federal Reservewill raise interest rates at the end of its two-day meetinglater on Wednesday.Bank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , Wells FargoWFC.N and Citigroup were all higher, also as yields on thebenchmark 10-year U.S. government bond US10YT=RR held at thekey 3 percent level.But the Fed's third hike this year would make cash the mostattractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal ofstocks, especially dividend paying companies such as utilities.The utilities .SPLRCU sector slid 0.66 percent.  urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3"Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sensethat an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling,"said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC inBernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rateenvironment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments.At 9:55 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI wasup 43.00 points, or 0.16 percent, at 26,605.05, the SP 500 .SPX was up 1.37 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,920.74 and theNasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 0.89 points, or 0.01 percent,at 7,992.35.The Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX dropped 1.18percent, with most chipmakers lower after rating cuts bybrokerages Raymond James and KeyBanc.IntelINTC.O , which was downgraded by Raymond James, fell2.0 percent.NikeNKE.N was up 0.1 percent ahead of its quarterlyresults expected after market close.CenturyLinkCTL.N tumbled 8.5 percent after ChiefFinancial Officer Sunit Patel left the company in a surprisemove to join T-MobileTMUS.O to oversee its integration withSprint S.N , both of which were little changed on the day.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 1.51-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and a 1.44-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 17 new 52-week highs and three newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 31 new highs and 12 new lows. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:BAC,
INTC	9/25/2018 9:10:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Qualcomm accuses Apple of stealing its secrets to help Intel	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/qualcomm-accuses-apple-of-stealing-its-secrets-to-help-intel-20180925-00750	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Stephen NellisSept 25 (Reuters) - Qualcomm Inc  on Tuesday accused Apple Inc  of stealing its chip-making secrets and giving them to rival Intel Corp, paving the way for Apple to switch to Intel's improved semiconductors, which may have cost Qualcomm billions of dollars in lost sales.The accusation, made in a legal filing on Tuesday, is the latest salvo in a drawn-out patent dispute between the two tech heavyweights.Apple declined to comment. Intel, which is not named as a defendant in Qualcomm's lawsuit, declined to comment.The world's most valuable technology company previously used Qualcomm's modem chips in its iPhone, which helped the device connect to wireless data networks. With the iPhone 7, launched in 2016, Apple began using Intel modem chips in some models instead.Qualcomm told investors in July it believed its modem chips were completely removed from the newest generation of iPhones released this month, leaving Intel as the sole supplier. Teardowns of the new devices have confirmed that Intel is supplying the modem chips.Apple has cast doubt on Qualcomm's claims. Last month, it alleged that Qualcomm refused to answer its questions about which specific confidential information it had improperly shared with Intel. Apple has also alleged that it gave Qualcomm the chance to verify that Qualcomm's software had been used properly.The dispute, taking place in San Diego County Superior Court, is one strand of a wide-ranging legal battle in which Apple has accused Qualcomm of unfair patent licensing practices. Qualcomm, the world's largest mobile phone chipmaker, has in turn accused Apple of patent infringement.Qualcomm asked Judge Jacqueline Stern on Tuesday to allow it to attach the new allegations to its existing complaint rather than force it to file a new lawsuit.DISCOVERY PHASEQualcomm has previously said it gave Apple access to its confidential software tools to help Apple integrate its modem chips into the iPhone.On Tuesday, Qualcomm alleged that, since filing its lawsuit in November, it has discovered that Apple repeatedly used Qualcomm software to help Intel's engineers "improve the sub-par performance of Intel's chipsets."It did not present evidence or say how it found that out. The case is currently in the discovery phase, where parties can exchange evidence.Qualcomm's modems rely on a combination of chips and software to allow phones to receive wireless data. Qualcomm gave Apple access its source code and software development tools so Apple could modify Qualcomm's software for use in the iPhone, on the condition that Apple did not use the code or tools to help another chipmaker.In Tuesday's filing, Qualcomm alleged that Apple used the tools to open so-called "log files" from Qualcomm and then gave those files to Intel engineers. Log files contain rows of data generated by computer hardware or software, and engineers often analyze them to pinpoint technical problems and optimize the performance of a chip."Intel engineers even complained to Apple engineers about being unable to open Qualcomm log files, which Apple had provided to Intel, for lack of the appropriate Qualcomm tools," Qualcomm said in its filing."In response, Apple engineers routinely used Qualcomm tools to create post-processed log files, which they sent to Intel engineers to use in improving Intel's chipset solutions," it added.Qualcomm did not specify in its filing what within those log files, or within the other information Apple allegedly gave to Intel, constituted trade secrets. But it said the information helped Intel."It apparently improved Intel chipsets to the point where Apple decided to divert some of Qualcomm'sApple-based business to Intel," Qualcomm said in its filing.This article appears in:Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
INTC	9/25/2018 8:56:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St to open higher as energy, bank stocks rise	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-to-open-higher-as-energy-bank-stocks-rise-20180925-00650	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Chevron, Exxon gain asoil priceshit 4-year high* Futures up: Dow 0.24 pct, SP 0.20 pct, Nasdaq 0.08 pct (Adds details, comments; updates prices)By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher onTuesday, as energy companies gained with oil prices at four-yearhighs and bank stocks rose in anticipation of a Federal Reserverate hike.The U.S. central bank, which starts its two-day meetinglater in the day, is widely expected to raise benchmark interestrates for the third time this year on Wednesday.Shares of Bank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , WellsFargo WFC.N and Citigroup rose between 0.5 percent and 0.9percent inpremarket trading.But higher interest rates make corporate borrowing costlierand the Fed's latest move would make cash the most attractive ithas been in about a decade, lowering the appeal of stocks,especially dividend paying companies such as utilities and realestate. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3"Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sensethat an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling,"said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC inBernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rateenvironment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and itscomments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute betweenthe United States and China will also help steer investments.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round ofSino-U.S. tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talkswould be difficult, while Washington is putting "a knife toChina's neck." urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0VJHowever, Bakhos said "trade fears seem to have taken a backseat in the headlines and investors are looking at someopportunities to shift back into equities."CaterpillarCAT.N and BoeingBA.N , which act as proxiesfor investors' view of the trade situation, were both up 0.7percent.At 8:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were up 64 points, or0.24 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were up 5.75 points, or 0.2percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were up 5.75 points, or0.08 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the secondsession in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year highdue to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and theapparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offsetthe potential hit to global supply. O/RDow components ChevronCVX.N and Exxon MobilXOM.N rose0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. O/RFacebookFB.O fell 2.1 percent after co-founders of itsphoto-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanationfor the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8IntelINTC.O fell 0.9 percent after Raymond Jamesdowngraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against thechipmaker.Michael KorsKORS.N was up 1.5 percent after the U.S.fashion group agreed to buy Versace for $2 billion includingdebt. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WB3BROn the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected toreport that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 inSeptember from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is dueat 10 a.m. ET. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Stocks,Banking and Loans,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
INTC	9/25/2018 8:56:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall St to open higher as energy, bank stocks rise	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-to-open-higher-as-energy-bank-stocks-rise-20180925-00629	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on Tuesday, as energy companies gained withoil pricesat four-year highs and bank stocks rose in anticipation of a Federal Reserve rate hike.The U.S. central bank, which starts its two-day meeting later in the day, is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates for the third time this year on Wednesday.But higher interest rates make corporate borrowing costlier and the Fed's latest move would make cash the most attractive it has been in about a decade, lowering the appeal of stocks, especially dividend paying companies such as utilities and real estate."Investors are concerned about the Fed meeting, in a sense that an acceleration of a higher rate cycle would be troubling," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at New Vines Capital LLC in Bernardsville, New Jersey."They are looking for statements that suggest a stable rate environment as opposed to faster increase in rates."The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes and its comments on the impact of the escalating trade dispute between the United States and China will also help steer investments.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would be difficult, while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck."However, Bakhos said "trade fears seem to have taken a back seat in the headlines and investors are looking at some opportunities to shift back into equities."Caterpillar  and Boeing, which act as proxies for investors' view of the trade situation, were both up 0.7 percent.At 8:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were up 64 points, or 0.24 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were up 5.75 points, or 0.2 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were up 5.75 points, or 0.08 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the second session in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year high due to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the apparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offset the potential hit to global supply.Dow components Chevron  and Exxon Mobil  rose 0.6 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively.Facebookfell 2.1 percent after co-founders of its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation for the move.Intel  fell 0.9 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Michael Kors was up 1.5 percent after the U.S. fashion group agreed to buy Versace for $2 billion including debt.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected to report that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 in September from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is due at 10 a.m. ET.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
INTC	9/25/2018 7:31:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Futures climb on oil boost, Fed meeting eyed	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocksfutures-climb-on-oil-boost-fed-meeting-eyed-20180925-00344	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Banks stocks gain with Fed expected to hike rates*Facebookdrops as Instagram co-founders resign* Intel falls on Raymond James rating cut* Futures up: Dow 0.34 pct, SP 0.29 pct, Nasdaq 0.22 pctBy Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures edged higher onTuesday, as energy companies gained with oil prices at four-yearhighs, although the U.S.-China trade tension and the upcomingFederal Reserve meeting prompted caution.The U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmarkinterest rates on Wednesday, a move that would make cash themost attractive it has been in about a decade and lower theappeal of stocks. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0C3The Fed's guidance on the path for future rate hikes willalso help steer investments, especially as the trade disputebetween the United States and China escalates.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round oftariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would bedifficult while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck." urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0VJ"The Federal Reserve may not seem very worried about growingtensions with the global trade dispute. So far there are noclear indications that global trade tensions are weighing on theU.S. economy," Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM,wrote in a note."The most interesting part ... is how the Fed sees theeconomy performing in 2019 and beyond. Ongoing support from thefiscal stimulus will gradually begin to fade and higherborrowing costs along with a stronger dollar will likely beginimpacting future corporate earnings."Shares of big U.S. lenders rose inpremarket trading, withBank of AmericaBAC.N , JPMorganJPM.N , Wells FargoWFC.N and Citigroup up between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent.However, FacebookFB.O fell 2.5 percent after co-foundersof its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scantexplanation for the move. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WB0O8At 7:12 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were up 90 points, or0.34 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were up 8.5 points, or 0.29percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were up 16.5 points, or0.22 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the secondsession in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year highdue to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and theapparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offsetthe potential hit to global supply. O/RDow-components ChevronCVX.N and Exxon MobilXOM.N rose0.7 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively. O/RIntelINTC.O fell 1 percent after Raymond James downgradedthe stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Microchip MCHP.O , Analog DevicesADI.O and ONSemiconductor ON.O were trading between flat and down 1.3percent after their shares were downgraded by Raymond James.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected toreport that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 inSeptember from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is dueat 10 a.m. ET. (Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru) ((Amy.CarenDaniel@thomsonreuters.com; within U.S. +1 646 2238780; outside U.S. +91 80 6749 9250 ; Reuters Messaging:Amy.CarenDaniel.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:ADI,
INTC	9/25/2018 7:31:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Futures climb on oil boost, Fed meeting eyed	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/futures-climb-on-oil-boost-fed-meeting-eyed-20180925-00341	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Amy Caren DanielSept 25 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures edged higher on Tuesday, as energy companies gained withoil pricesat four-year highs, although the U.S.-China trade tension and the upcoming Federal Reserve meeting prompted caution.The U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates on Wednesday, a move that would make cash the most attractive it has been in about a decade and lower the appeal of stocks.A day after Wall Street was buffeted by the latest round of tariffs, a senior Chinese official said trade talks would be difficult while Washington is putting "a knife to China's neck.""The Federal Reserve may not seem very worried about growing tensions with the global trade dispute. So far there are no clear indications that global trade tensions are weighing on the U.S. economy," Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, wrote in a note."The most interesting part ... is how the Fed sees the economy performing in 2019 and beyond. Ongoing support from the fiscal stimulus will gradually begin to fade and higher borrowing costs along with a stronger dollar will likely begin impacting future corporate earnings."Shares of big U.S. lenders rose inpremarket trading, with Bank of America, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo  and Citigroup up between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent.However,Facebookfell 2.5 percent after co-founders of its photo-sharing app, Instagram, resigned with scant explanation for the move.At 7:12 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were up 90 points, or 0.34 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were up 8.5 points, or 0.29 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were up 16.5 points, or 0.22 percent.Energy stocks were poised to boost markets for the second session in a row as Brent oil prices shot to a four-year high due to upcoming U.S. sanctions on Iranian crude exports and the apparent reluctance of OPEC and Russia to raise output to offset the potential hit to global supply.Dow-components Chevron  and Exxon Mobil  rose 0.7 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively.Intel  fell 1 percent after Raymond James downgraded the stock, citing mounting headwinds against the chipmaker.Microchip, Analog Devices  and ON Semiconductor  were trading between flat and down 1.3 percent after their shares were downgraded by Raymond James.On the macro front, the U.S. Conference Board is expected to report that its consumer confidence index slipped to 132.0 in September from a reading of 133.4 in August. The report is due at 10 a.m. ET.This article appears in:Politics,Stocks,World Markets,Economy,OilReferenced Symbols:ADI,
TSM	9/25/2018 1:00:06 PM	NULL	NULL	Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for September 26, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-klic-ex-dividend-date-scheduled-for-september-26-2018-cm1027490	Shutterstock photoKulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (KLIC) will begin trading ex-dividend on September 26, 2018. A cash dividend payment of $0.12 per share is scheduled to be paid on October 15, 2018. Shareholders who purchased KLIC prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. At the current stock price of $25.3, the dividend yield is 1.9%.The previous trading day's last sale of KLIC was $25.3, representing a -11.88% decrease from the 52 week high of $28.71 and a 28.49% increase over the 52 week low of $19.69.KLIC is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) and Intel Corporation (INTC). KLIC's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.9. Zacks Investment Research reports KLIC's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 46.13%, compared to an industry average of 26.8%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit theKLIC Dividend Historypage. OurDividend Calendarhas the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,StocksReferenced Symbols:KLIC,TSM,INTC
TSM	9/25/2018 1:00:06 PM	NULL	NULL	Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for September 26, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/cypress-semiconductor-corporation-cy-ex-dividend-date-scheduled-for-september-26-2018-cm1027491	Shutterstock photoCypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY) will begin trading ex-dividend on September 26, 2018. A cash dividend payment of $0.11 per share is scheduled to be paid on October 18, 2018. Shareholders who purchased CY prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 27th quarter that CY has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $15.52, the dividend yield is 2.84%.The previous trading day's last sale of CY was $15.52, representing a -17.76% decrease from the 52 week high of $18.87 and a 10.46% increase over the 52 week low of $14.05.CY is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) and Intel Corporation (INTC). CY's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.02. Zacks Investment Research reports CY's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 76.67%, compared to an industry average of -9.4%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit theCY Dividend Historypage. OurDividend Calendarhas the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.Interested in gaining exposure to CY through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?The following ETF(s) have CY as a top-10 holding:iShares PHLX SOX Semiconductor Sector Index Fund (SOXX)ProShares Ultra Semiconductors (USD).The top-performing ETF of this group is USD with an increase of 10.72% over the last 100 days. SOXX has the highest percent weighting of CY at 1.16%.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,StocksReferenced Symbols:CY,TSM,INTC,SOXX,USD
