AMZN	9/24/2018 11:26:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Nike (NKE) Stock Sinks 1.5% Ahead of Q1 Earnings: What to Watch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/nike-nke-stock-sinks-15-ahead-of-q1-earnings-what-to-watch-cm1027364	Shutterstock photoShares of NikeNKEslipped 1.5% during regular trading hours Monday just one day before the company is scheduled to release its fiscal Q1 financial results. The decline goes against Nike's impressive 2018 run, so let's see what to expect from Nike after the closing bell Tuesday.Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year, with its roughly 35% surge outpacing AppleAAPLand MicrosoftMSFT. Much of the recent momentum stems from the sportswear giant's strong fourth quarter performance that saw it return to growth in North America and expand it Greater Chine. Nike, like other retailers, has made a significant direct-to-consumer push through its own apps, along with partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Nike's growth in Europe and China outpaced rival Adidas'ADDYYexpansion in those two vital markets last quarter. The company is still the largest sportswear company in the U.S. and will continue to sponsor both the NFL and the NBA. The Oregon-based firm's growth in athleisure has also helped it compete against LululemonLULUand GapGPS.OutlookMoving on, our current Zacks Consensus Estimate is calling for Nike's Q1 revenues to jump by 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion. The sportswear powerhouse is also expected to see its North American revenues pop by roughly 3% hit $4.047 billion, based on our current NFM estimates.Meanwhile, Nike's adjusted quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. But, we still need to know how likely it is that Nike tops our quarterly earnings estimate.Luckily, we can turn to our exclusive Earnings ESP figure to help us find out. Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) compares the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the quarter. The Most Accurate Estimate is a version of the Zacks Consensus whose definition is related to change.This is done because, generally speaking, when an analyst posts an estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.A positive Earnings ESP paired with a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better ranking helps us feel confident about the potential for an earnings beat. In fact, our 10-year backtest has revealed that this methodology has accurately produced a positive surprise 70% of the time.Nike currently sports an earnings ESP of -0.22% and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Therefore, our model is inconclusive. However, Nike has topped our quarterly earnings estimates for almost five straight years. Investors should note that NKE stock will likely trade based on its e-commerce and North American performance in the short-term.Nike is scheduled to report its quarterly financial results after the close of regular trading on Tuesday, September 25.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:JD,AMZN,FB,AAPL,MSFT
AMZN	9/24/2018 9:45:16 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon (AMZN) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-amzn-gains-as-market-dips-what-you-should-know-cm1027345	Shutterstock photo
AMZN	9/24/2018 9:23:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Why Facebook (FB) Stock Jumped Monday	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-facebook-fb-stock-jumped-monday-cm1027353	Shutterstock photoShares of FacebookFBsurged Monday to close regular trading hours up 1.5% despite news that the social media giant is being sued for its treatment of content moderators who review some of the most horrific and "depraved images" posted on Facebook. This means that investors are excited about Facebook's latest advertising announcement and its new hire to help its expansion in India.LawsuitBig companies are sued a lot. But the lawsuit filed against Facebook on September 21 could end up sparking a larger public debate about some of the company's practices and the amount of violent and scary content posted on its platform every day. The lawsuit claims that Facebook's content moderators are "suffering from psychological trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder and are not being properly protected by the social media giant," according to a press release from Burns Charest LLP.Facebook's moderators reportedly have to watch and flag "videos, images and livestreamed broadcasts of child sexual abuse, rape, torture, bestiality, beheadings, suicide, and murder." The social media giant currently works with roughly 7,500 content moderators around the world after Mark Zuckerberg vowed in May 2017 to ramp up its content oversight team. "It is well-documented that repeated exposure to such images can have a profoundly negative effect on the viewer," Korey Nelson of Burns Charest LLP said a statement."Facebook is ignoring its duty to provide a safe workplace and instead creating a revolving door of contractors who are irreparably traumatized by what they witnessed on the job."The law firm hopes to gain class-action status for the lawsuit. And before investors simply write off this lawsuit as a joke it is worth reading many of the detailed accounts-such asThe Wall Street Journal's "The Worst Job in Technology: Staring at Human Depravity to Keep It Off Facebook" published in December 2017-that have been written about the content Facebook's contract employees have to look through.Video Ad PushNow let's move onto some of the positive news that helpedFacebook sharesclimb Monday. Facebook announced that it will launch its Ad Breaks in 21 new countries in an effort to ramp up monetization across Facebook Watch. The social media company said Ad Breaks will now be available in five new languages: French, German, Portuguese, Spanish, and Thai.Facebook added a slew of new European countries, including France and Germany, along with Latin and South American nations. The firm launched in August its new video ad services to content creators in the U.S., UK, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand.Ad breaks allow users that meet specific Facebook monetization eligibility standards to place mid-roll and pre-roll advertisements in their video content. Facebook also lets publishers and content creators add image ads directly below videos. "We are also introducing the ability for Pages to bulk upload large numbers of videos so they can easily build up their Facebook video presence and earn money for their qualifying back catalogue," Facebook Director of Product, News Feed and Media Monetization Maria Smith wrote in a blog post on Monday.The expansion of ad breaks comes as Facebook dives deeper into video in order to better compete with Alphabet'sGOOGLYouTube and other platforms. Last week, eMarketer released a report that said AmazonAMZNis set to become the third largest digital advertiser in the U.S. behind only Google and Facebook. Meanwhile, Facebook has actively added more live video content in order to compete against TwitterTWTRand other firms in the age of NetflixNFLX.IndiaIn other positive news, Facebook hired Ajit Mohan to run its operations in India as the social media company expands in one of the world's largest countries. Mohan previously ran Indian video streaming service Hotstar, a streaming platform owned by Twenty-First Century Fox'sFOXAStar India. "India is one of the largest and most strategically important countries for Facebook," Facebook's Vice-President of Business and Marketing Partnerships, David Fischer,saidin a statement."Ajit's depth of experience will help us to continue to have a positive impact in India across communities, organizations, businesses and with policy makers."Facebook's new hire comes as the company tries to push further into live sports. This includes therights to stream La Liga-Spanish soccer's top division-games in India and other South Asian countries over the next three seasons. Facebook hopes the deal that began this season helps attract viewers and advertisers in the country that has become its largest market, with 270 million users. In total, the social media giantboasts 348 millionusers in the Indian subcontinent.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:NFLX,AMZN,FB,GOOGL,TWTR
AMZN	9/24/2018 8:18:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Why Would Amazon Want to Open 3,000 Cashier-Less Stores?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-would-amazon-want-to-open-3000-cashier-less-stores-cm1027332	Amazon(NASDAQ: AMZN) recently opened its fourth Amazon Go convenience   store, and the online retail giant may expand its cashier-less   store concept to 3,000 locations by 2021, according to a report   fromBloomberg.If it happens, that expansion would make Amazon one of the   largest convenience store chains in the nation, trailing just   7-Eleven and Circle K. Many of the locations would reportedly   focus on ready-made food, which would make the new stores a   biggerthreat to fast-food and fast-casual   restaurantsthan supermarkets or drugstores.Still, an investment in 3,000 stores is going to cost Amazon a   lot. Its first location reportedly required $1 million in camera   and AI technology alone. So, why is Amazon so interested in   growing Amazon Go?Image source: Amazon.A $3 billion investmentAmazon could spend as much as $3 billion on Amazon Go   locations if it proceeds to open 3,000 stores, according to an   analysis by Morgan Stanley's Brian Nowak that was reported by   Bloomberg. He said Amazon could potentially reach that scale for   as little a $0.5 billion, but it's much more likely to spend   closer to $3 billion than that low-end estimate.At least one estimate puts an Amazon Go store's annual revenue   at $1 million to $2 million. The focus on prepared foods over   groceries and convenience items should enable it to generate a   higher gross margin than Amazon's core online retail business or   its Whole Foods Market locations. Concentrating store locations   in urban areas with Whole Foods locations nearby could perhaps   enable it to boost those margins by using kitchens at Whole Foods   to prepare meals and deliver them to Amazon Go locations around   the city.Three thousand Amazon Go locations could generate $3 billion   to $6 billion in annual revenue, according to Baird Equity   Research analyst Colin Sebastian. He expects that to produce $1   billion to $2.5 billion in gross profits, according to a Business   Insider report. Sebastian doesn't expect to see much of those   gross profits fall to the bottom line, though, considering the   expenses associated with opening and running the stores.In other words, Amazon could invest billions of dollars on a   project that will produce a small amount of revenue and an even   smaller amount of profits.Amazon isn't looking for profitsInvestors familiar with Amazon know that it doesn't always   create products with the intent of making a direct profit. Amazon   routinely sells its devices like the Echo Dot, Fire TV stick, and   Fire tablet below cost just to get them into consumers'   households. Those devices provide Amazon with lots of data and   various opportunities to sell ancillary products and services to   consumers.Amazon Go may be yet another way to gather data on consumers.   Every time someone walks into an Amazon Go location, they scan an   app on their smartphone, which allows the cameras to link a   person to an online account for billing. The store keeps a   running tab as you take items off the shelf (and subtracts them   if you put the item back).While many stores offer a loyalty program that allows them to   track what consumers buy, Amazon Go's technology can take that   sort of data to the next level. It can tell exactly how many   milliseconds a person considered buying an item, which items they   considered and left on the shelf, and whether a customer chose   one item over another option.Amazon can then take that data to make product recommendations   the next time a customer logs into Amazon. It could also target   promotions to certain customers based on their shopping behavior   in stores, enabling it to grow itsburgeoning ad businesseven faster.Alibaba(NYSE: BABA) has taken a similar approach with its cashless Hema   supermarkets in China. Alibaba introduced the Hema concept in   2015, and it uses customer data to make personalized   recommendations through its app. It also uses data to optimally   stock its stores. Alibaba may eventually use customer data to   offer personalized recommendations on its online marketplaces,   Taobao and Tmall, or its food delivery app, Ele.me.Both Nowak and Sebastian note the data could enable Amazon to   take a greater share of customer spending over time by offering   more targeted and timely product recommendations through its   online presence.Amazon is going to take some time to test Amazon Go. It's only   going to open 10 stores by the end of this year, and 50 by the   end of next year, according to the Bloomberg report. But if the   early tests go well, Amazon will scale quickly, just as it's done   with other businesses. So, if Amazon is suddenly ramping up   spending and opening dozens of Amazon Go stores per week, take it   as a good sign.10 stocks we like better than AmazonWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Amazon wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors.Adam Levyowns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,BABA
AMZN	9/24/2018 8:00:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Top Performing Active ETFs & Tesla's Best-Case Scenario	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/top-performing-active-etfs-teslas-best-case-scenario-cm1027315	Shutterstock photo(1:00) -ARK Invest'sOutperformance: What Is Their Secret Sauce?(6:10) - The Research Process Of ARK Invest(10:20) - Genomic Revolution Multi-Sector ETF:ARKG(14:00) - Next Generation Internet ETF:ARKW(18:45) - 2017 ETF Of The Year: ARK Innovation ETF (ARKK)(23:15) - How Can These Strategies Fit Into Your Portfolio?(28:30) - ARK Invest's Open Letter To Tesla(34:50) - Episode Roundup:Podcast@Zacks.comIn this episode of ETF Spotlight Podcast, I talked with Tom Staudt, Chief Operating Officer at ARK Investment Management. ARK was named "Most Innovative ETF Issuer of the Year 2017" and is well known for its lineup of top performing actively managed ETFs.Most actively managed ETFs have underperformed the broader markets over the past few years and that's why investors have been pouring money into cheap, passive products.ARK ETFs have managed to stand out with their sustained outperformance. In fact, if we look at theperformanceof all US listed, unlevered ETFs over the past three years, three out of top 15 ETFs are managed by ARK.ARK focuses on disruptive innovation that is changing the way the world works. Tom walked us through their research process to identify investment opportunities and package them into ETFs.We then discussed their best performing ETF of 2018-the ARK Genomic Revolution Multi-Sector ETFARKG-that has gained about 37% this year. It focuses on some of the high growth areas in biotech such as CRISPR, bioinformatics, molecular diagnostics and stem cells.We also talked about the ARK Web x.0 ETFARKW, which has risen about 157% over the past three years. It focuses on "next generation internet" including artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, cybersecurity, and blockchain technologies.They started investing in bitcoin via the Bitcoin Investment TrustGBTCat the end of 2015 and benefitted from digital currency's meteoric rise through the end of 2017.The ARK Innovation ETFARKKcombines the best of their investment strategies. It was named "ETF Of the Year" for 2017. The ETF has gained about 28% this year and 133% over the past three years.Investors have noticed the superior performance of ARK ETFs and have been pouring money into these ETFs. We discussed how ARK's disruptive strategies should be used in a portfolio.ARK'sopen letterto Elon Musk against taking TeslaTSLAprivate made headlines recently. Musk had responded to the letter.According to ARK's models, "Tesla should be valued somewhere between $700 and $4,000 per share in five years."Tesla is the top holding in ARKW and AKKK. Please check out the podcast for additional information on ARK's forecast for Tesla.To learn more about ARK ETFs, please visithttps://ark-funds.com.Please make sure to tune in for our next podcast. If you have any comments or question, please emailpodcast@zacks.comWant key ETF info delivered straight to your   inbox?Zacks' free Fund Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top-performing ETFs, each week.Get it freeWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportSquare, Inc. (SQ): Free Stock Analysis ReportTesla, Inc. (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis ReportARK- WEB XO ETF (ARKW): ETF Research ReportsARK-INNOVATION (ARKK): ETF Research ReportsEditas Medicine, Inc. (EDIT): Free Stock Analysis ReportARK-GENOMIC RVL (ARKG): ETF Research ReportsBITCOIN INVT TR (GBTC): ETF Research ReportsTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,SQ,TSLA,ARKW,ARKK
AMZN	9/24/2018 7:07:57 PM	NULL	NULL	Is Visual Search Really a Huge Catalyst for Snap Stock?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/is-visual-search-really-a-huge-catalyst-for-snap-stock-cm1027383	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsNothing can go right for social media stocks these days. That is especially true forSnap(NYSE:SNAP). The teen-favorite social media app has had trouble growing its user base beyond its core demographic. Even within that core demographic, Snap has had trouble monetizing users with ads. When they do monetize users with ads, the users tend to hate it.Overall, it hasn't been a pretty showing for Snap or Snap stock. The company went public at $17 per share last year. Recently, Snap stock broke below $10. The pain didn't stop there. Now, Snap stock is rapidly closing in on $9.Is this a falling knife? Is Snap stock doomed to head lower thanks to user growth and monetization problems?I don't think so. The stock certainly looks like a falling knife right now. But the company has 200 million highly engaged users, and that in it of itself is extremely valuable. Granted, the company is having trouble monetizing those users. But, it is only a matter of time before Snap figures out monetization, and when that catalyst arrives and drives improved financials, Snap stock could soar.I think that catalyst is already here.15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat UpSnap just announced avisual shopping partnershipwithAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) wherein consumers can simply point the Snapchat camera at any object, press a button and when Amazon recognizes that product, it will surface a link allowing users to buy that product. Snap calls this new feature Visual Search, and its implications are potentially huge.Huge enough to be a game-changer for Snap stock.Visual Search Could Be Huge for Snap StockThere are two observations that underpin the idea that Snap's new Visual Search could be huge. Those observations are:Commerce follows consumer engagement.Fast is best in today's world.Commerce always follows consumer engagement. When consumer engagement was strong in the brick-and-mortar channel, companies pumped millions and billions of dollars into building out physical footprints to turn that engagement into commerce. Then, consumer engagement shifted to the digital channel. Retailers followed suit, and e-commerce was born. Then, consumer engagement shifted to the mobile channel. Retailers followed suit, and e-commerce was born.Thus, from a historical perspective, the trend is pretty clear. Commerce follows consumer engagement.Right now, consumer engagement is strongest in visual-heavy, mobile-first social media apps like Instagram. That is why Instagram is building out multiple shopping features, while Snap is rolling out Visual Search with Amazon. If history serves as any indication, these initiatives will be hugely successful because both of these apps have strong engagement.More importantly, fast is best in today's world. We live in an impulse era of instant gratification. Shopping on Instagram and/or Snapchat fits that era perfectly. Suppose you are scrolling through your Instagram or Snapchat feed, and see some product you like. Today's shoppers want to buy it immediately, and Instagram and Snapchat are allowing them do that.Snap is actually taking it one step further. Visual Search allows users to take pictures of things in the real-world, and have that immediately lead to a digital transaction. That action is perhaps the quintessence of fast shopping, and as such, should be a huge hit among internet shoppers worldwide.Snap Stock Looks CompellingVisual Search is a big step toward Snap becoming a digital marketplace. If the company can successfully execute on this transition, then Snap will have multiple avenues to monetize its user base. That means Snap won't be entirely reliant on ads to drive revenue, and consequently, won't have to run as many ads. Instead, they can balance ad revenue with marketplace revenue, and keep engagement high by keeping ad volume low.That is a winning strategy which should result in materially higher prices for Snap stock.Granted, it all hinges on the notion that Snap can transform into a digital marketplace. But, I think that current trends speak favorably for that transformation. Thus, as this stock continues to drop on broad digital advertising concerns, I think the risk-reward on Snap stock becomes more compelling. Upside is potentially enormous if this company dramatically improves ad monetization rates and/or builds out robust commerce capabilities.The 7 Best Companies with Large Stock BuybacksThe likelihood that either of those happens is high, and as such, the likelihood of Snap stock rising from here is high, too.Bottom Line on SNAP StockSnap isn't the nextFacebook(NASDAQ:FB). But, it is an extremely valuable digital ecosystem of 200 million deeply engaged users. So long as Snap can keep those users deeply engaged, Snap stock is undervalued below $10 considering its multiple monetization opportunities.As of this writing, Luke Lango was long SNAP, AMZN and FB.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postIs Visual Search Really a Huge Catalyst for Snap Stock?appeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:SNAP,AMZN,FB
AMZN	9/24/2018 6:56:00 PM	NULL	NULL	A Comprehensive Nike Q1 Earnings Preview, Plus Some Under Armour & Gap News	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-comprehensive-nike-q1-earnings-preview-plus-some-under-armour-gap-news-cm1027269	Shutterstock photoWelcome to the latest episode of the Full-Court Finance podcast from Zacks Investment Research where Associate Stock Strategist Ben Rains dives into what to expect from Nike'sNKEfiscal Q1 financial results. Rains then evaluates the latest announcements from GapGPSand Under ArmourUAAaimed to help them better compete in a changing retail environment.Three weeks removed from the start of the Colin Kaepernick saga, Nike looks poised to report strong quarterly earnings after the bell Tuesday. Shares of NKE opened lower Monday after hitting a new high Friday. In fact, Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year. Coming into Monday, Nike stock had climbed 36% since the start of 2018, which topped Apple'sAAPL29% and Microsoft'sMSFT33% surge.Nike faced a somewhat turbulent stretch not too long ago that saw the sportswear giant's North American sales growth decline for nearly a year. But Nike management did not waver from their assurance that the firm would return to growth in its largest market, which it did last quarter. This growth was spurred by a direct-to-consumer commitment, which includes a slew of Nike apps as well as partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Looking ahead, Nike is projected to see its Q1 revenues jump 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion, based on our current Zacks Consensus Estimate. Meanwhile, Nike's quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. Nike's geographical and specific business unit estimates look strong as well.The episode then shifts its focus to the larger sports apparel market beyond Nike and its biggest rival AdidasADDYY.GapGPSannounced late last week its new men's athleisure brand called Hill City. The new line comes as companies try to expand into men's athleisure as firms such as LululemonLULUcontinue to expand.Hill City will act as the counterpart to Gap's Athleta women's brand. The move also highlights the strength of the overall athleisure industry. Meanwhile, Under ArmourUAAsaid that it plans to cut 400 jobs globally as the sportswear firm continues to try to cut costs and streamline its business as it fails to gain traction in some key growth areas.As a reminder, if you feel that we missed something, or if you have any topic suggestions, shoot us an email at podcast@zacks.com. Make sure to check out all of our other audio content at zacks.com/podcasts, and remember to subscribe and leave us a rating on Apple Podcasts.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportUnder Armour, Inc. (UAA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:AMZN,JD,FB,AAPL,MSFT
AMZN	9/24/2018 6:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Why Did Disney (DIS) & Netflix (NFLX) Stock Jump Monday?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-did-disney-dis-netflix-nflx-stock-jump-monday-cm1027237	Shutterstock photoShares of DisneyDISand NetflixNFLXsurged Monday for completely different reasons. Yet their climbs highlight how important the streaming industry is and helps set up what will likely be years of comparison between the two media powers.DisneyDisney saw its stock price jump nearly 2% Monday after ComcastCMCSAofficially outbid 21st Century FoxFOXAto take control of European pay-TV titian SkySKYAYPLC. Comcast offered $22.59 a share-valued at $38.8 billion-which marked over a 40% premium to the cable and internet power's February offer.Comcast saw its stock price plummet Monday following the weekend auction conducted by UK regulators. The move is part of an ongoing fight to secure as many assets as possible as media houses fight to secure their futures amid a quickly shifting market geared toward streaming.The interesting part for Disney investors is that the company owns a 39% stake in Sky through its purchase of key Fox assets. Disney's deal with Rupert Murdoch's firm will see Disney pay roughly $71 billion for Fox's TV Studio and international properties, among other assets.Some reports suggest that Disney and Fox might sell their portion of Sky to Comcast, but this remains up in the air for now. Meanwhile, the ownership of streaming giant Hulu is also influx. Disney is set to own a controlling 60% stake in Hulu through its Fox deal. Reports have nowsurfacedthat say Comcast might consider selling its 30% stake in Hulu to Disney, giving Disney 90% ownership of the streaming platform-ATTTowns the remaining10%.No matter what, Disney will soon own a controlling stake in one of Netflixand AmazonAMZNPrime Video's biggest competitors. Plus, Disney is expected to launch its own stand-alone streaming service at the of 2019. In doing so, Disney sets up what will likely be a fight between Netflix, Amazon, HBO, itself, and soon enough AppleAAPL, for years to come.NetflixMoving on, shares of Netflix popped over 3% Monday as investors continue to be more optimistic about the streaming company roughly two months removed from its second-quarter financial results that sent many running. Monday's climb comes after Guggenheim Partners analyst Michael Morris raised his NFLX price target to $420, which marked a roughly 15% premium compared to Friday's closing price.The analyst cited Netflix's ability to add subscribers as a major reason for the new price target. "Netflix subscriber penetration will significantly exceed what is implied in the company's current valuation,"Morris wrotein a note to clients. "The Netflix offering is a substantial consumer value in price and utility, and an efficient model will continue to support a virtuous cycle of quality content creation, distribution, and monetization."Morris predicted that Netflix's subscriber base will more than double by 2023, to climb above 285 million. The analyst pointed to the firm's ability to expand internationally as a major reason for his optimism. Plus, he said that the streaming company has a leg up on some of its competitors in terms of technology.Lastly, Netflix is ready to expand beyond streaming after the company hired Christie Fleischer-from Disney-at the beginning of September to become the head of its global consumer products team. Fleischer will "lead a team focusing on developing the consumer products portfolio across all categories for Netflix original series and films," according to a Netflix statement.Looking Ahead, Netflix expects to add 650,000 subscribers in the U.S. and 4.35 million internationally in the third quarter. Meanwhile, our current Zacks Consensus Estimate is calling for the company's Q3 revenues to surge by roughly 33.7% to reach $3.99 billion. At the other end of the income statement, Netflix is projected to see its adjusted quarterly earnings soar over 134% to $0.68 per share.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportATT Inc. (T): Free Stock Analysis ReportBritish Sky Broadcasting Group PLC (SKYAY): Free Stock Analysis ReportComcast Corporation (CMCSA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:DIS,NFLX,AMZN,T,SKYAY
AMZN	9/24/2018 6:08:00 PM	NULL	NULL	What Apple and Amazon’s Product Drops Mean for Investors	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/what-apple-and-amazons-product-drops-mean-for-investors-cm1027191	Apple(NASDAQ: AAPL)andAmazon(NASDAQ: AMZN)showed off their shiny new toys in the last   few weeks, and some of the ideas were more exciting than others.   In this week's episode ofIndustry Focus: Tech, host Dylan Lewis and Motley Fool contributor Evan Niu dive into   the new offerings for both companies and what it all could mean   for their long-term health and strategy.Apple is starting to turn some heads with its iPhone price   increases. How much farther can the company push up ASPs before   they hit the ceiling? Amazon's new Echo speakers are probably   making pure-playSonos(NASDAQ: SONO)nervous, and for good reason. At the same   time, its new Alexa Clock and Microwave are baffling almost   everyone (including us), but they could mean some exciting things   for Amazon's future. Tune in to find out more.A full transcript follows the video.10 stocks we like better thanWalmartWhen investing geniuses David and TomGardner have a stock     tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter     theyhave run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock     Advisor, has tripled the market.*David and Tomjust revealed what they believe are theten best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Walmart wasn't one     of them! That's right -- theythink these 10 stocks are     even better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018The author(s) may have a position in any stocks       mentioned.This video was recorded on Sept. 21, 2018.Dylan Lewis:Welcome toIndustry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock   market every day. It is Friday, September 21st. We're talking   about some hot new consumer tech releases from some big tech   companies. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by   senior tech specialist Evan Niu. Evan, it's nice to chat again!   It's been a little while.Evan Niu:Yeah, it's going well! Happy iPhone Day!Lewis:Happy iPhone day! I wish that we could say that this was   deliberate and that we wanted to do a roundup of consumer tech as   these products were being unveiled and released on the same day   or in the same week. That is not quite the case. We had to   pre-tape an episode last week because I was traveling for a   wedding. But, I am happy to have you on to talk through one of   our favorite product segments, the iPhone. We're also going to   touch on some recent releases from Amazon, in what turned out to   be a Christmas morning-type hardware release from them. Why don't   we talk Apple stuff first, though?Niu:Today, they launched the iPhone XS and XS Max. Last week is when   they unveiled the XS, XS Max, and XR. Today is launch day. As   usual, people are lining up and camping out overnight at Apple   stores all around the world to make the big media spectacle, the   headlines. As a quick refresher, the XS is the successor to the   X, has the same $1,000 starting price point. XS Max basically has   the same stats as the XS, but it has a massive 6.5-inch display.   It starts at $1,100 dollars. Both now come in a 512-gigabyte   storage option, which pushes pricing even higher than it was last   year. For example, a maxed-out XS Max costs $1,450, which is more   than an entry-level MacBook Pro.Lewis:Yeah, it's kind of wild. As we've seen, and we're going to   touch on this later, the screen sizes and the storage options for   these iPhones get bigger and bigger, there has been some pricing   expansion for the line. It is kind of wild to think that if   you're going on the budget side, you can buy three or four   laptops for that price. [laughs]Niu:Exactly. These new flagship phones are really the best they   have to offer. But at the same time, the spec improvements are   pretty incremental compared to last year's X. If you bought a X   last year, like I did, it's not really worth upgrading to XS   because of the tiny performance improvements. With what these   phones cost these days? I mean, it's just not worth it. But if   you bought a X and you really just need or want a bigger screen,   then maybe you could justify going for a XS Max, because that's a   little bit more differentiated. It's a much larger device. So,   that's the big news today.Lewis:I do understand that you have one of these devices coming   to your home. That's right, yeah?Lewis:That's right. We ordered one for my wife. We basically take turns   upgrading each year. She's on the 7 Plus, so she ordered a XS Max   in the new fancy gold color. It's about the same size as the old   Plus models, except now it's all display instead of having the   forehead and the chin bezels.Lewis:That's a clever setup that you have with your wife. It gives you   the chance to have your hands on the new iPhone every single year   it comes out without having the expense of personally laying it   out and paying for it every single time. It's a little bit easier   to negotiate that. I'm still working with a 6s. I feel like a   dinosaur for having this. But I think, given the upgrades and   everything like that, and what I'm experiencing with my phone   performance-wise, I'm probably going to be upgrading to the X and   not going quite to the newest edition, just because of some of   the reasons that you mentioned earlier.I teed this up a little bit -- what we're seeing with the   screen expansion, storage expansion, and what that's doing for   pricing, this is really a continuation of the strategy that Apple   has been working with for the last couple of years. I think   increasingly, unit volumes are not the focus, and average selling   prices are what's really driving all the iPhone revenue growth.   The company is continuing to pull the levers that they have to   make that happen.Niu:Right, exactly. Basically, all iPhone revenue growth over   the past year has been entirely attributable to price increases,   as opposed to unit growth. To put some hard numbers to it, if you   look at the past three quarters compared to the comparable   quarters a year prior, iPhone units are up point 4%, about 170   million. But iPhone revenue has jumped 15% to about $130 billion.   ASPs hit a record high of $796 back in December, for the fourth   quarter. We're talking about almost $800. With iPhone pricing   going even higher, there is a clear path to even more upside   here.The curveball is Apple's iPhone XR, which is not launching   today. The iPhone XR launches in a month, and it looks like an   incredibly strong product. It basically offers the same vision of   the smartphone that Apple outlined last year, except at a much   more affordable price. I mean, the main parts being the   edge-to-edge display with no bezels, no home button, TrueDepth   camera with face ID, and all the things that enables. The XR also   has the same A12 bionic chip. But that phone starts at $715, as   opposed to $1,000. A lot of the other spec differences are pretty   minor. It's a lower-resolution LCD panel instead of an OLED   panel, there's no 3D touch, it's slightly less water resistant, a   tiny bit, it's aluminum instead of stainless steel, there's a   single rear camera instead of the dual camera. But it does come   in six colors, which are fun, and people will inevitably love   because it offers greater personalization. If that phone commands   really strong demand, since it starts at a lower price, that   could offset any of the upside that investors are hoping to see   an ASPs.Lewis:I guess this is something that they have to be doing, because not   everyone is going to be willing to lay out $1,100 dollars for a   phone. It used to be that the different storage tiers would get   you somewhere in the neighborhood of $650-850 or something like   that for a phone. Even though there was a pricing spread, it was   a relatively tight one. As you start reaching up to $1,100-1,300   for a phone, it makes sense that you have to really build out the   lower part of your line, the lower-priced point on your line.Niu:Right, exactly. That's one key point they drove home, like, "We   want to basically bring this vision of what we think a smartphone   should be to more affordable price points so that more people can   access this technology and have it." The TrueDepth camera system,   I was kind of surprised they brought that to the line because   that's such a cool feature. You would think that they would keep   it exclusive to the highest-end phones. But those modules aren't   super expensive. They're like $5, in terms of the content inside   those, for some of these sensors. It's not a big cost driver.   They certainly can justify bringing it to the more affordable   phones because it's not going to really hurt their profitability.   I was just kind of surprised strategically, because you could get   a lot more people to buy the higher-end phones if you kept that   feature only to them. But, I mean, good for them. This technology   is really great. Getting it to more people is certainly a good   thing, too.Lewis:We also got an update on what is going on with the Apple   Watch segment. We don't have as much clarity into what's going on   with that business segment. But at least we got an update on the   product side with what the company is going to be doing,Niu:Right. They also unveiled Apple Watch Series 4, which arguably   was the most exciting thing they unveiled last week. That also   launches today. Demand seems to be pretty strong for this new   model, because shipping times are already really pushing out   quite a bit. This generation really represents the most   meaningful redesign they've had on this product ever since   launching it three years ago in 2015. It has a thinner case, a   much larger display, with rounded corners and smaller bezels. You   can see a lot more information on your Watch now. The headline   new feature is, they've added electrical heart sensors to the   bottom of the Watch and embedded into the digital crown that   allow you to take an ECG from your wrist, which is pretty wild.   If you think about stand-alone ECG machines, they can cost   thousands of dollars. Of course, the more full-featured ones have   more contacts that you put on your skin, and they have greater   accuracy.One thing that I'm really curious about is what the accuracy   of these ECG readings looks like. I've seen some heart and health   experts already express some skepticism around how reliable and   useful this data will be. It's really too early to call. That ECG   functionality is not going to be available at launch. Apple says   that they're going to release it later through a software update.   We can't really say yet for sure how it's going to play out, in   terms of accuracy and reliability. That's definitely something to   keep an eye out for. But, the users that really value taking the   ECG and are buying it for that feature -- people with health   issues or older people -- it's going to be incredibly important   for Apple to get that part right.Lewis:Yeah, and actually, this is a part of device functionality   that other wearables companies have struggled with. I want to say   it wasFitbit, I'm not 100% sure, had a dedicated heart rate monitor. There   were some issues with the monitoring that was going on with that   at one point. This is definitely, as healthcare functionality   goes, a little bit of a tougher nut to crack. I think it's good   to see that these companies are getting into this space a little   bit more. As you build out functionality, I think the use case   comes very clear, especially for a lot of people that are doing   some sort of disease management or condition management and want   to be able to use the device for more than just   communicating.Niu:Right, exactly. Healthcare is so important that people make   really important medical decisions based on the data that you   give them from these things. Not that Apple is anything like   Theranos. They're completely different companies, and obviously,   Apple's a very ethical company. But Theranos did all this   unethical stuff, and people were acting on these really terrible   blood test results, and they just didn't care. The point being,   people are going to make important health decisions, so you   really need to make sure you get this right. I'm confident that   Apple is doing everything they can. But there's not a lot of   public peer-reviewed data on how these things perform, so we'll   just have to see how they do. But I'm pretty confident they're   going to do it. They have the money to invest right in developing   it properly, and make sure that they can really get this to the   point where people aren't going to be making bad decisions.It's also worth pointing out that they're also pushing Apple   Watch pricing higher, too. Now, the new models start at $400, and   if you want cellular, they start at $500. That's up from $329 and   $400 respectively last year. There is some more upside here for   ASPs, particularly considering that with prices going up and   demand looking pretty good, the Watch business looks pretty   promising right now.Lewis:Thinking about all the different pricing mechanics that are going   on here, Evan, do you get a sense that maybe this isn't a lever   that Apple is going to be able to continue to pull indefinitely?   I look at what's going on the iPhone side in particular, and the   Watch side to a certain extent. The idea that people will pay   $1,600-1,800 for a phone at a certain point, it gets a little   ridiculous, doesn't it?Niu:Yeah. There's definitely some type of ceiling somewhere on what   people will pay. But I do think that Apple's going to keep   testing, and try to push that limit, to try to find out where   that limit is. I think part of it is that unit volumes have been   plateauing for a couple of years now. Apple knows. The smartphone   market is so mature, the products are so mature and so good, that   upgrades cycles have been getting longer. So, that's their next   best lever to pull to try to squeeze growth out of it. It used to   be, everyone upgrade every year, every two years. Now, we're   seeing people push that to two or three years, maybe even three   to four. So, it's a different way for them to pull the same   amount of money out of you on an annualized basis. You buy a   $1,500 phone every three years, vs. a $1,000 phone every two   years, they're still getting about $500 from you every year. I   think that's why they're trying to push the limit on pricing.   We'll see how high they can go. [laughs]Lewis:If you're thinking about how all this factors into the thesis for   Apple, so much of our time spent talking about Apple earnings   really centers on the Services segment, this high-margin business   that they've really built out to impressive scale. That is   certainly going to be a big thing for them. But when the company   makes 60% of its revenue from one product segment, the pricing   power that they have with that product is ultimately going to   drive the business results. So, if you're looking at how these   product releases impact the Apple investing thesis, if they're   able to continue to find growth in average selling prices with   the products that they're releasing, then you know that they're   going to be able to post iPhone segment growth, which will be   good for the top line. If they hit that ceiling, I think as an   Apple investor, that's when you have to be a little worried.Niu:But I think another part of the Services aspect is, that's   also another way that they've figured out that they can change   the investing narrative. It moves the thesis away from this   iPhone hardware, which of course will always be a big part of the   picture. But, as they've been emphasizing Services over the past   couple of years, not only is Services profitable, but there's no   seasonality to it at all. Obviously, with consumer products, your   business is very seasonal. In your fourth quarter, you get tons   of sales for holidays. But Services, if you chart it out, which   I've done many times, there is no seasonality whatsoever. It's   just a steady climb up, particularly as they build more and more   subscriptions into this business.I think that's a big part of it, too. With iPhone units   plateauing, they're pushing pricing on iPhone to get growth   there, and also pushing the Services narrative.Lewis:We had a pretty good sense of what Apple was going to be   announcing, so this part of the rundown was a little bit easier   for us to do. In the second half of the show, we're going to   switch gears and talk about Amazon's device event, which had some   things that could be expected and maybe some things that were a   little bit out of left field. We're going to have that discussion   in a minute.The Apple event typically has a lot of fanfare. I think we are   just now getting used to the idea that Amazon, too, has some   device fanfare when they launch new stuff.Niu:Yeah, they're pushing even deeper and deeper into hardware.   They had an event yesterday, and they announced a ridiculous   number of devices. They had 14 things, including one services   thing, which we'll touch on later. 14 new things to announce,   compared to Apple's three, [laughs] for reference. They had a   bunch of Echo stuff, they expanded into a bunch of new product   categories. I don't even know where to start.Lewis:Amazon went with some stuff that was kind of the next   logical step with a lot of their hardware ambitions. They also   unveiled some stuff that seemed like a head scratcher. Do you   want to share with the logical stuff? Or do you want to start   with the fun stuff?Niu:Let's do the easy, logical stuff that everyone was expecting --   or, not expecting, but it makes perfect sense. They had a new   Echo Dot, which is their small $50 little puck. A refreshed   version of that, it's supposed to be louder. Standard spec bumps,   same price. Has a new design, has fabric on the outside. Then,   the Echo Plus, which is the bigger one. Also a new fabric design.   That's their more higher-end Echo that has smart home   functionality. Same $150 price. Echo Show, which is their display   one. At this time, has a much bigger display. Their first version   had a seven-inch display. This one has a 10-inch display. Looks a   lot nicer. Also fabric design. Are you catching the trend here?   Same $230 price.Those are the standard,   what-you-would-expect upgrades.Niu:Then, the new stuff, some of the new interesting stuff that we   had heard rumors about, so, not too surprising. There's Echo   Auto, which is this little dashboard mounted thing you put in   your car. It's $50 bucks. It basically brings Alexa to your car,   which is kind of cool, because you can ask Alexa do things while   you're driving. A lot of automakers actually integrate Alexa   directly nowadays, but this allows people to, for pretty cheap,   bring Alexa to your car. Obviously, you don't upgrade your car   very often. You're not going to go upgrade your car as soon as   your car maker puts Alexa in their newest model.Lewis:Yeah, the upgrade cycles on cars are a little different.   That seems like something that is truly useful. You are in the   car, and having a voice-activated, hands-free device seems to me   lot of sense, especially if you're driving something that   predates the popularity of a lot of that technology.Something that is kind of new-ish, but well within the   category that they'd been working with, was their new Echo   Sub.Niu:Right. That's an add-on. It's a 16-inch subwoofer, amplifiers the   base of your Echo setup. You can actually pair it with multiple   Echo devices and get a 2.1 stereo system going. That one's about   $130. Not too expensive, kind of what you'd expect for a   stand-alone sub.They also started offering these new high-fidelity music   offerings. There's an Echo Link, which basically allows you to   connect your system to a receiver and amplifier. There's an Echo   Link Amp which, includes an integrated amplifier. Same thing,   you're streaming high fidelity music. The Echo Link is $200, the   Echo Link Amp is $300.If you look at it, between these amplifiers, the Sub, Amazon   is pushing more into this higher-end audio experience. That   really competes with players like Sonos, who are known for that   -- multi-room, high fidelity audio. They're really expanding it   to all these different areas.Lewis:If you're Sonos and you've been trading on the public   markets for all of, what, two months?Niu:A couple of months. [laughs]Lewis:[laughs] A month and a half? You've got to be like, "You've got   to be kidding me." You know? That was actually something that   came up in the show that Vince Shen and Asit Sharma did on Sonos,   doing a rundown of their S-1 prior to their IPO. Listeners, if   you want a primer on that, just email in. They were saying that   the big risk for them, the big red flag for this company, is:   what if Amazon continues to invest in this space? What if they   continue to get into upper-level audio? What will that do?   Because this company has a history of entering a space,   undercutting the existing competitors out there. Jeff Bezos is   famous for saying, "Your margin is my opportunity." That's   exactly what they've done here. I think this Echo Sub comes in at   about half the price of a comparably specced Sonos device.Now, we'll have to see what the audio quality looks like and   how they stack up. Audiophiles might still decide, "We want the   Sonos device." But I think for the lay consumer, something that   comes from Amazon connects with all of these other devices they   already have, and that's going to be compelling, especially if   it's at a lower price point.Niu:Right. If you look at the broader speaker market, everything is   shifting to these smart speakers with virtual assistants very   rapidly. This market is, like, tripling every quarter. It's just   growing so fast. Sonos now has to try to navigate that   transition. And yeah, they have some products, they've been   introducing them incrementally into their lineup, that integrate   with Alexa, Google Assistant, etc. But for now, those products   are still a relatively small part of their overall mix, whereas   that's all Amazon does. Amazon, like you mentioned, they also   have no problem competing with their partners. Even though Sonos   has partnered with them to integrate Alexa, that's not going to   stop Amazon from coming into your space and undercutting you with   much lower prices. It might not be as good, but it's going to be   good enough for a lot of people.Lewis:Let's switch gears from the helpful and functional to the   frivolous, and talk about some of the more fun devices that maybe   surprised some people. We got two what-the-heck things. One of   them is the new Alexa Microwave, and the other one is the new   Alexa Clock. Evan, will you be buying either one of these?Niu:[laughs] No.I mean, there were rumors about this microwave.   They launched this new microwave, it's under their Amazon Basics   brand. It's $60. It's basically just a microwave that you can   control with your voice. It includes a dedicated dash button. You   can order popcorn, which sounds kind of silly to me, to have a   dedicated button. The whole thing sounds kind of silly.   Everyone's obviously mocking this thing already -- including me,   I'll be honest -- because it's kind of like, why do you need a   voice-controlled smart microwave? You have to physically put   things in the microwave, obviously. By definition, you're   standing right there. It's not like I'm going to be upstairs and   say, "Hey, Alexa, turn on my empty microwave." I'm just   struggling to see the real value-add here, the use case where   people are going to be like, "Oh, this is really useful, it adds   so much convenience to my life."Lewis:Yeah, I think this one feels a little gimmicky, almost like   the kind of thing you would see on the CES trade floor if you   were walking around the industry expo. I will say, though,   knowing Amazon's track record -- obviously, they've had some   misses -- we could look back on this tape four years from now and   be like, "That was the beginning." [laughs] You know? Like, "This   is where they launched into this whole new category that we   didn't even know existed."Niu:To be clear, I checked last night, it is already the No. 1   best-seller in the microwave category.Lewis:Oh, my God!Niu:[laughs] This is their first home appliance that they've gone   first-party hardware on. Like you mentioned, this is probably   just the signal of the first step into this home appliance   market. Of course, they're going to be adding Alexa and voice   controls and connecting it with anything they do going forward. I   would not be surprised if they come out with a blender, a   toaster, whatever it is in your kitchen. I would not be surprised   if they do that in the future now that they've done this.Lewis:The clock that we mentioned before, that costs $30. It's kind of   a nice minimalist design. It looks like it's something that would   fit into almost any living room. I think the main functionality   here, the main use case, is being able to visualize timers and   alarms. I think it's relatively simple at this point. Again, kind   of an odd choice. But to your point about Amazon's strategy of   slowly building things, I think back to what they did with Echo   and Alexa very early on. They started with very simple   functionality, and I think nailed it, in a lot of ways. Then,   they slowly built out the skills and the use cases for this   stuff. It would not surprise me if they are putting stuff out   there, getting consumers somewhat used to the idea of a smart   clock, a smart microwave, and almost wading into these more   integrated, more smart home devices.Niu:The clock is basically an accessory that goes with your Echo. If   you have an Echo in your kitchen like I do, and you're setting   multiple timers when you're cooking, it is kind of frustrating. I   think they've probably heard this feedback from consumers -- you   don't know where each timer is at if you have multiple timers.   Managing this interface with just your voice is a little   cumbersome. So, being able to visually see the timers   --obviously, they have Echos with displays. If you have those,   you can see all your timers and see how long these things are   that you're cooking.I think this is a cheaper alternative   to fill that specific gap in the usage of it, to have that   visually represented.If you're in your kitchen cooking, you   can see each timer, without having to ask her, which is   cumbersome.Lewis:Big picture for Amazon here: I think this is really them bolding   and underlining a strategy that we have seen them focus on for a   while -- getting into hardware and getting into people's homes.   You look at the Echo and Alexa Push. That really has been so big   for them as a business. The data has proven out that the more   touch points that consumers have with Amazon, whether it's being   a Prime member, being an Echo owner, the more you buy from   Amazon.Niu:Yeah. With the original Echo and Alexa, they had this really   strong entry point into your house. They've just been expanding   so aggressively since then. Once you're invested into their   ecosystem, it's really hard to break out of that. We've seen   Apple make this play so many times in the past. But now that   Amazon has this in with the smart home with Alexa, they're doing   the exact same thing, except they're doing it much more   affordably and they're not trying to make as much money off you.   But if you outfit your entire home with all of these Echo   devices, you're spending hundreds or thousands of dollars on all   these devices to put all over your home, the switching costs to   move toGoogleHome or any other smart home platform are so high. Not that Apple   has a really strong presence in the smart home quite yet. They've   failed on execution there. Amazon had this momentum, and they're   investing heavily in maintaining that momentum.Lewis:And they can really afford to do this at cost on the   hardware side because the benefits are so strong for them. CIRP,   this research firm, puts out this spend study fairly often. They   look at the average Amazon consumer, the average Prime user, and   the average Echo owner. The average Amazon consumer spends $600   annually. The average Prime user spends $1,400 dollars annually.   The average Echo owner spends $1,700 dollars annually on the   platform. If you're getting into someone's home at cost, or even   making a slight margin on the devices you're selling, if it leads   to that type of annual difference, just imagine what it does over   the lifetime of that customer.Niu:Yeah, exactly. I've never been seen the whole voice   purchase use case, but I know that that is one thing that's   happening. There are lots of studies that show a lot of people   are buying stuff with their voice. That was the initial obvious   thing that Amazon wanted you to do, buy stuff on Amazon with your   voice by talking to Alexa. That's still a big opportunity. It's   still pretty early for that functionality. As they build it out   and evolve and iterate, I think that there's some opportunity   there.Lewis:Evan, I think we're going to wrap things there. Thanks for   hopping on the show!Niu:Thanks for having me!Lewis:Listeners, that does it for this episode ofIndustry Focus. If you have any questions or if you just want to reach out and   say hey, you can shoot us an email atindustryfocus@fool.com, or you can tweet us at @MFIndustryFocus. If you want more of   our stuff, subscribe on iTunes or check out The Fool's family of   shows over atfool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on   the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for   or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based   solely on what you hear. Thanks to Austin Morgan for all his work   behind the glass today. For Evan Niu, I'm Dylan Lewis. Thanks for   listening and Fool on!John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member     of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Dylan Lewisowns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Amazon, and Apple.Evan Niu, CFAowns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends Alphabet (A shares), Amazon, Apple, and Fitbit. The     Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2020 $150     calls on Apple and short January 2020 $155 calls on Apple. The     Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,AAPL,SONO
AMZN	9/24/2018 5:47:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon made two moves for Deliveroo, one nine months ago	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-made-two-moves-for-deliveroo-one-nine-months-ago-20180924-01150	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 24 Reuters - Amazon.com Inc  made two preliminary approaches for British online food delivery company Deliveroo, the latest one about nine months ago, the Telegraph on Monday(graphic).The approaches were exploratory and have not progressed, the newspaper report said, citing an investor familiar with the matter. The first round took place two years ago.Amazon and Deliveroo were not immediately available for comment.This article appears in:Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AMZN
AMZN	9/24/2018 5:34:25 PM	NULL	NULL	Can IBM Stock Be Boosted by the Cloud, Blockchain, And AI?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/can-ibm-stock-be-boosted-by-the-cloud-blockchain-and-ai-cm1027390	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsWhile the bull market continues - led by a variety of tech operators likeApple(NASDAQ:AAPL),Amazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN), andNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) -IBM(NYSE:IBM) stock has been left out of the party. Actually, during the past five years, it has severely underperformed the indexes. For this period, the average annual return on IBM stock was a horrible -1.95%.The company has certainly been trying to improve things. Yet none of its initiatives seems to get enough momentum to get the attention of investors.So what now? Is IBM stock hopeless? Well, in light of the company's track record, that does seem like a reasonable conclusion.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsIBM Stock Has PotentialBut I still think it has potential. Let's face it: old-line tech giants likeMicrosoft(NASDAQ:MSFT) andAdobe(NASDAQ:ADBE) have demonstrated that there are growth opportunities which can be exploited. For the most part, those companies have grown by aggressively utilizing next-generation technologies, such as cloud computing.And as for IBM stock, I think there could be a similar story brewing. Keep in mind that the company remains committed to heavy investments in research and development. For the first half of this year, it spent $2.8 billion on RD.IBM has also amassed a strong intellectual property portfolio. In 2017, it received over 9,000 patents, ranking first in that category for the 25th consecutive year. Many of those patents are in hot areas like artificial intelligence, self-driving cars, and blockchain technology.Of course, to be effective, IBM needs to commercialize its innovations. After all, it does not help if IBM is creating cool innovations without a business model, right?Finding Ways to MonetizeDefinitely. But IBM has been demonstrating that it is finding ways to monetize its creations. Just look at its latest earnings report. For the trailing 12 months, IBM'sStrategic Imperatives- which include cloud computing, security, analytics, Big Data and mobile - generated $39 billion, or about 48% of total revenues. In fact, the cloud is a hefty $18.5 billion business for IBM, and the annual run rate of its as-a-service business was over $11 billion. So as the Strategic Imperatives get larger and larger, they should help boost IBM's top line.IBM's Key AdvantagesConsider that IBM has the key advantages needed to be a marque player in AI and cloud computing. The company controls worldwide infrastructure, which includes 58 cloud data centers across 19 countries, and it manages mission-critical operations for thousands of large customers. Note that IBM is actually the world's third largest software company, behind Microsoft andOracle(NYSE:ORCL).Even IBM's mainframe business is critical. That technology has become ideal for transaction-intensive operations, including AI.And finally, IBM's investments in blockchain look promising. Blockchain, which emerged during the financial crisis, is based on a highly secure ledger system which has been incorporated into the bitcoin cryptocurrency. But over the years, it has also been effectively used to create decentralized databases.As for IBM, it has made some important strides in high tech. In partnership withMaersk,it has launched TradeLens, which tracks transactions across the supply chain. IBM has also developed LedgerConnect, a system for large financial institutions. Its partners on that project includeBarclays(NYSE:BCS) andCitigroup(NYSE:C).Bottom Line on IBM StockIt's true that IBM has transformed too slowly. Then again, it is always difficult to change a massive organization. Another issue is that a large portion of the company's systems had been fairly old.But the IBM stock price already is factoring in much of that, as its forward price-earnings ratio stands at only 11. Andthe dividend yieldof IBM stock is an attractive 4.23%. That is one of the highest dividend yields in the tech industry.So in light of IBM's restructuring and its focus on up-and-coming categories, IBM is definitely positioning itself nicely, and IBM stock does provide an interesting value opportunity for investors, given the bargain valuation of the IBM stock price.Tom Taulli is the author ofHigh-Profit IPO Strategies,All About CommoditiesandAll About Short Selling.Follow him on Twitter at@ttaulli. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postCan IBM Stock Be Boosted by the Cloud, Blockchain, And AI?appeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:IBM,AAPL,AMZN,NFLX,MSFT
AMZN	9/24/2018 4:39:26 PM	NULL	NULL	The 10 Best Stocks to Buy Right Now	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-10-best-stocks-to-buy-right-now-cm1027324	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsSo far in 2018, despite the political uncertainty, the markets have responded to strong earnings, low unemployment and a whirring economy that just came off its best quarter in four years. Can it get any better? Maybe. But if it even stays close to these bullish indicators, the best stocks to buy will continue to climb. And if the broad market doesn't cooperate, there are still sectors and specific companies that will continue to rally.Below are the 10 best stocks to buy right now, regardless of a secular market rally or a more stock-focused run. These stocks have what it takes to keep their share prices on the rise for years to come.The 7 Best Companies with Large Stock BuybacksThere are always winners, even in tough markets. And these stocks typify the kind of companies that are riding long-term trends (or a shift in trends) and have what it takes to succeed in these dynamic times.[Editor's note: This story was originally published Aug. 3, 2018. It has since been updated and republished to reflect changes in the lineup.]Amazon (AMZN)Source: AmazonAmazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) is pretty much a given on this list. And it's not just about its e-commerce empire. There are plenty of stats that show some of the major retailers are still significantly larger. It's the fact that AMZN continues to dump its growing revenue back into its businesses. It's not content to build up a cash hoard or dole out a symbolic dividend.The case for Amazon grows and grows. It's the leading cloud business in the world. It owns a grocery store chain. It's a major entertainment company. It's looking to get into the prescription drug business. It has its eye on building out its own logistics enterprise to support its e-commerce.This is what makes AMZN a great stock now, and for many years to come.Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL)Source: ShutterstockTexas Pacific Land Trust(NYSE:TPL) was created in 1888, from the reorganization of theTexas and Pacific Railway.Basically, the trust received 3.5 million acres of land from the railroad and is now one of the largest landholder in Texas with about 888,000 acres of land in 18 counties that it manages.This means TPL manages oil, gas, mineral and water rights on all this property as well as choosing what it wants to sell or lease. With some of the most productive shale properties this is a big deal.Plus, there are a lot of companies moving to Texas, which provides even more development opportunities.20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial AppealTPL stock is up 80% year-to-date and this trend is certainly TPL's friend.Abiomed (ABMD)Source: ShutterstockAbiomed Inc(NASDAQ:ABMD) has a $16 billion market cap, but it's been around since the 1980s. As a matter of fact, the founders of ABMD invented the first artificial heart. And today, the company does one thing - the Impella brand of the artificial heart valve, making it one of the best stocks to buy now.Now, name brand medical equipment isn't exactly like name brand pharmaceuticals. You don't ask your doctor what brand of valve you're getting - if you even have the opportunity to ask.And there are plenty of larger medical equipment companies that have a heart-pump division. But ABMD focuses on one thing. And it has a global reputation. It's already very popular in Germany and Japan as well as the U.S.ABMD continues to grow - up 102% year-to-date - and the graying of the developed world's population plays to its growth. It could also be a very attractive acquisition for a bigger firm.Netflix (NFLX)Source:Vivian D Nguyen via Flickr (Modified)Netflix Inc(NASDAQ:NFLX) is one of the famed FANG stocks. And along with AMZN, it makes our top 10 list of the best stocks to buy now.This may be surprising given the fact that NFLX recently announced it missed its projected new subscriber numbers for the quarter by almost 1 million subscribers.But then again, NFLX stock is trading at a PE of 157. That's higher than AMZN's. And it was even higher before the selloff.The simple fact is, NFLX still has plenty of the world to conquer and its focus on content around the globe will be an asset it can monetize long after it subscribes everyone it possibly can to its services.15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long RunRight now, its big push is in India, where there are over 1 billion people. It has already started developing originalcontent for the countryand is hoping to break through in the coming quarters.SVB Financial (SIVB)Source: ShutterstockSVB Financial Group(NASDAQ:SIVB) is an interesting new iteration of traditional banks. Say you have a small bank where most of your customers come from Silicon Valley and the tech start-up culture (and money). You get depositors that are looking for opportunities in start-ups and you have cash to lend to these small businesses.Plus, your customers are the people who have track records of successfully starting new firms. It's like building a private investment bank focused on a specific sector.SIVB is now expanding its operation up the West Coast to Washington state, where a similar culture exists and to other tech cities around the country.Arista Networks (ANET)Source: ShutterstockArista Networks Inc(NYSE:ANET) was on quite a roll for a while. While year-to-date it has managed about an 11% gain, for the past 12 months it has delivered a 52% return to its investors, making it one of today's best stocks to buy now.ANET is cloud computing company that has become a major competitor to some of the bigger players in the networking and storage space. And with a $20 billion market cap, ANET is big enough to grow on its own, or it could be an acquisition target for one of its big competitors or a big tech firm looking to buy a spot in the space.The problem with the legacy players in the space is they can't reinvent the systems they already have in place. ANET provides much cleaner and less cumbersome solutions because it doesn't have to worry about all the legacy hardware it needs to support and transition.9 Small-Cap Stocks to Buy for Big-Time Growth PotentialThis slow time is a good time to get in for the long run.Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND)Source: ShutterstockLigand Pharmaceuticals Inc(NASDAQ:LGND) is a new breed of pharmaceutical company.In the old days, a biotech or pharmaceutical company would have an RD division looking for new drugs, a team that would do early-stage development and reformulation, a team for late-stage development, another for testing and trials, and another for commercialization or partnering strategies.But as the industry got bigger, all these divisions became expensive and costly to manage. And things got lost in the pipeline.LGND focuses on the discovery, early-stage development, reformulation and partnering. That keeps it laser focused and cuts out all that work for its partners who handle the backend.And given LGND stock is up 82% in the past year, this strategy is not only working, but it has a lot of believers.Inogen (INGN)Source:Fdecomite via FlickrInogen Inc(NASDAQ:INGN) makes portable oxygen concentrators. While that doesn't seem like it's a big business, it has given INGN a $4 billion market cap as one of the leaders in the sector and one of the best stocks to buy today.Traditionally, people with breathing issues have had to haul around oxygen tanks. They're really heavy and aren't exactly easy to get around with, especially for people that are older and less agile than they used to be.It's an inelegant and difficult solution to the problem. INGN's concentrators are game-changers. They can be easily carried around and home units are also easily moved.They basically convert the ambient air into concentrated oxygen, so you don't have to haul a tank around. You just charge the unit and go.7 Activist Stocks for Investors to ConsiderAs America grays, this type of equipment has a growth path for decades to come. Its up 130% in the past 12 months and 75% year-to-date.Medifast (MED)Source:FlickrMedifast Inc(NYSE:MED) is part of one of the hottest trends out there that doesn't have to do with technology - prepackaged health and nutritional foods.You've heard ofWeight Watchers(NYSE:WTW) and Jenny Craig. Well, Medifast has been around a long time as well, and it's starting its own growth trend, even without Oprah.MED stock is up a whopping 405% in the past 12 months and 207% year-to-date.And the crazy thing is, you don't really hear about this stock. What's more, after all that massive growth, the stock is still trading at a PE of 76, half of that of NFLX or AMZN.Micron (MU)Source: ShutterstockMicron Technology(NASDAQ:MU) is a memory maker. And I don't mean that it makes life memorable - it makes memory chips, especially the new generation of flash memory chips. Certainly, there are other bigger chipmakers that make memory chips and much more. But MU is focused on this major sector. And is leveraged to its growth, which ranks it among the best stocks to buy now.Many are coming to believe that this sector's cyclical nature has been uprooted by the fact that the mobility revolution as well as the advent of cloud computing, Big Data, augmented/virtual reality and the Internet of Things. Demand has become less cyclical and more of a constant, which will have a significant effect on MU, as a leader in this sector.5 Important Reasons to Watch Nike's Earnings ReportMU stock is up almost 90% in the past year and 28% year-to-date. And this is with some in the industry still thinking the cyclical nature of the past will somehow reassert itself. Don't count on it.Louis Navellieris a renowned growth investor. He is the editor of five investing newsletters:Blue Chip Growth, Emerging Growth,Ultimate Growth,Family TrustandPlatinum Growth. His most popular service, Blue Chip Growth, has a track record of beating the market 3:1 over the last 14 years. He uses a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to identify market-beating stocks. Mr. Navellier has made his proven formula accessible to investors via his free, online stock rating tool,PortfolioGrader.com. Louis Navellier may hold some of the aforementioned securities in one or more of his newsletters.Compare BrokersThe postThe 10 Best Stocks to Buy Right Nowappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,TPL,ABMD,NFLX,SIVB
AMZN	9/24/2018 4:06:00 PM	NULL	NULL	UK's Debenhams can grow again, says boss	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/uks-debenhams-can-grow-again-says-boss-20180924-01218	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By James DaveyWATFORD, England, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The boss of Britain'sDebenhams  came out fighting on Monday, saying the department store chain's troubles had been exaggerated and insisting the business has a future.Speculation about Debenhams' future has increased since rival House of Fraser collapsed into administration in August and was snapped up by Mike Ashley'sSports Direct.Last week the firm rushed out a trading statement to say it would make analysts' profit forecasts for the 2017-18 year and denied it was planning mass store closures in its 166-store UK estate."There's a lot of noise right now in the press about the health of the company," Chief Executive Sergio Bucher told reporters at a capital markets event held at Debenhams new store in Watford, north of London.He said the retailer has "a strong foundation" with 19 million customers, a 97 percent brand awareness, is growing online sales faster than the overall market, has annual turnover of 3 billion pounds ($3.94 billion) and is profitable."Sometimes it feels almost surprising to say that after what I'm reading in the press," said Bucher."We're here to create shareholder value and we aim to do that by delivering growth in the company," he said.He said Debenhams would provide more details on its options to strengthen its balance sheet when it publishes annual results on Oct. 25. It has forecast year-end net debt of about 320 million pounds, which compares to Debenhams' current equity market capitalisation of about 121 million pounds.Bucher, a former Amazon  executive, is in the second year of a turnaround plan.He has closed two of 10 stores identified for closure, wants to downsize 30 others and renegotiate leases and rents on 25 stores up for renewal over the next five years. He has also cut costs and refinanced.The Watford store represents Bucher's "vision of the future" for Debenhams, with an enhanced beauty hall, curated fashion ranges and more customer services, such as personal shopping, all integrated with the firm's digital offer.Sports Direct owns 29.7 percent of Debenhams but has ruled out a takeover bid.Bucher said the firm was, however, in talks with Ashley to develop womenswear sports areas in some of its stores.($1 = 0.7623 pounds)This article appears in:World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 4:00:00 PM	NULL	NULL	A Foolish Take: Amazon Becomes a Major Contender in Digital Advertising	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-foolish-take-amazon-becomes-a-major-contender-in-digital-advertising-cm1027113	Amazon(NASDAQ: AMZN) makes most of its money from its online   marketplace and its cloud services. However, the tech titan has   also been quietly growing an advertising business, which sells   display ads across its website and hardware devices like the   Kindle and Fire TV.A recenteMarketer studypredicts that Amazon's ad business will become the third-largest   online ad platform in the U.S. afterAlphabet(NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)subsidiary Google andFacebook(NASDAQ: FB) this year. The firm estimates that Amazon will   generate $4.6 billion in ad revenue in the U.S. in 2018 and claim   4.1% of the overall market.Data source: eMarketer. Chart by author.eMarketer expects Amazon's market share to reach 7% by 2020.   Meanwhile, Google and Facebook's combined market share in the   U.S. could drop from 57.7% this year to 55.9% by 2020.Advertisers will likely consider Amazon to be an attractive   alternative ad platform, since it can leverage its accumulated   shopper data to craft better targeted ads. Amazon's ads should   also face fewerprivacy concernsthan Google's and Facebook's, and advertisers wouldn't need to   worry about their ads being displayed alongsidecontroversial content.Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy     nowMotley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more     than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they     run,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the SP 500!*Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for     investors to buy right now.Click here to get access to the full       list!*Stock Advisorreturns as of Aug. 6, 2018.John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member     of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Leo Sunowns shares of Amazon and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares     of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares),     Amazon, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GOOGL,FB,GOOG
AMZN	9/24/2018 3:14:18 PM	NULL	NULL	XLY, AMZN, CMCSA, DIS: ETF Inflow Alert	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/xly-amzn-cmcsa-dis-etf-inflow-alert-cm1027083	Shutterstock photoLooking today at week-over-week shares outstanding changes among the universe of ETFs covered atETF Channel, one standout is the Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund (Symbol: XLY) where we have detected an approximate $2.5 billion dollar inflow -- that's a 15.6% increase week over week in outstanding units (from 135,303,252 to 156,403,252). Among the largest underlying components of XLY, in trading today Amazon.com Inc (Symbol: AMZN) is down about 0.7%, Comcast Corp (Symbol: CMCSA) is down about 7.4%, and Walt Disney Co. (Symbol: DIS) is higher by about 2.1%.For a complete list of holdings, visit the XLY Holdings page »The chart below shows the one year price performance of XLY, versus its 200 day moving average:Looking at the chart above, XLY's low point in its 52 week range is $89.06 per share, with $118.08 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $116.12. Comparing the most recent share price to the 200 day moving average can also be a useful technical analysis technique --learn more about the 200 day moving average ».Exchange traded funds (ETFs) trade just like stocks, but instead of ''shares'' investors are actually buying and selling ''units''. These ''units'' can be traded back and forth just like stocks, but can also be created or destroyed to accommodate investor demand. Each week we monitor the week-over-week change in shares outstanding data, to keep a lookout for those ETFs experiencing notable inflows (many new units created) or outflows (many old units destroyed). Creation of new units will mean the underlying holdings of the ETF need to be purchased, while destruction of units involves selling underlying holdings, so large flows can also impact the individual components held within ETFs.Click here to find out which 9 other ETFs had   notable inflows »The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,ETFsReferenced Symbols:XLY,AMZN,CMCSA,DIS
AMZN	9/24/2018 2:33:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Stock Market News For Sep 24, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/stock-market-news-for-sep-24-2018-cm1026962	Shutterstock photoThe Dow recorded a second straight all-time high on Friday led by a rally in industrials. However, a slump in technology and internet-related stocks weighed on the Nasdaq. The SP 500 also closed lower on Friday, ahead of Monday's major sector reshuffle. That said, trading volumes increased to its highest level since Feb 9 in anticipation of the SP 500 sector change.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) gained 0.3%, to close at 26,743.50. The SP 500 declined 0.04% to close at 2,929.48. The Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 7,986.96, declining 0.5%. A total of 10.77 billion shares were traded on Friday, almost 64% higher than the last 20-session average of 6.57 billion shares. Advancers outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by a 1.04-to-1 ratio. On Nasdaq, a 1.21-to-1 ratio favored declining issues.How did the Benchmark Perform?The Dow added 86.52 points, after registering its first all-time high on Thursday since Jan 26. The rally was led by industrials, with shares of The Boeing CompanyBAgaining 1.3%. Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. increased 0.2%. The SP 500 gave up 1.27 points after rising as much as 0.4%. The SP 500 had posted its first all-time high on Thursday since late August.The tech heavy Nasdaq gave up 41.28 points, led by huge selloff in tech stocks. Shares all major tech companies took a hit. Shares of Apple, Inc.AAPLdeclined 1.1%. Shares of Amazon, Inc.AMZNand Alphabet, Inc.GOOGLfell 1.5% and 1.6%, respectively. The Nasdaq is 2% below its record levels. Amazon has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Industrials Help MarketsTrade war fears have been rattling markets for a while. On Sep 17, the Trump administration announced that it would impose 10% tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, which would rise to 25% by year end. In retaliation, China said too announced 10% tariffs on 5,000 U.S. products worth $60 billion. However, 10% tariffs were seen as a relief compared to a harsher 25% tariffs, as feared by analysts.This somewhat helped markets since a rally in industrial stocks followed. Moreover, on Thursday, markets gained after strong economic data showed that jobless claims dropped to its lowest level since November 1969. Impressive economic data have been hinting at strong economic fundamentals. This seems to have somewhat overshadowed trade war fears and have been helping markets.Tech stocks SlumpTech stocks have been driving markets for a while. However, on Friday, tech stocks once again took a hit. Friday also saw trading volumes increase to its highest level since Feb 9, as investors braced for an SP 500 reshuffle. The reshuffle will see Facebook, Inc.FB, Netflix, Inc.NFLX, Twitter, Inc.TWTRand Google parent Alphabet, Inc.GOOGLmoving to the telecommunication services sector.The sector will now be renamed communication services from Sep 24. DisneyDISand CBS CorporationCBSwill also be added to the revamped sector. The reshuffle will see 21.4% loss in market capitalization for consumer discretionary stocks and a drop of 19.5% in value for tech stocks. This led to tech stocks declining on Friday, with FAANG stocks suffering the most.Weekly RoundupThe week started on a low, with markets opening lower, as trade war fears once again weighed on investors after the Trump administration announced that it would impose 10% tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods. However, the 10% tariffs were seen as better than a harsher 25% tariffs. This once again saw stocks rally on Tuesday. Moreover, strong economic data also helped markets.For the week, the Nasdaq declined 0.3%. The Dow gained 2.3%, registering its highest weekly percentage gain since July, while the SP 500 increased 0.9%. Both the SP 500 and Dow posted their second straight weekly gain.Stocks That Made HeadlinesAvon Announces Long-Term Financial TargetsGrowth StrategyShares ofAvon Products, Inc.AVProse after the company announced its long-term financial targets for 2021, backed by a new growth strategy.(Read More).The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportCBS Corporation (CBS): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Boeing Company (BA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportAvon Products, Inc. (AVP): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,US MarketsReferenced Symbols:CBS,DIS,NFLX,AMZN,FB
AMZN	9/24/2018 2:17:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon Gains Competitive Edge on New Alexa Features & Echo	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-gains-competitive-edge-on-new-alexa-features-echo-cm1026982	Shutterstock photoAmazonAMZNis firing on all cylinders in the smart home space on the back of its robust voice assistant Alexa, smart speaker Echo and other home automation products.Recently, the e-commerce giant unveiled some new Echo devices along with few companion devices. Additionally, Amazon has added quite a number of new smart features to Alexa.The latest move of the company is in sync with its goal of launching at least eight new devices supported by Alexa by the end of the year. Moreover, growing proliferation of smart home device worldwide bodes well for the company's continued focus toward expanding its smart home automation product portfolio and strengthening Alexa skills.Coming to the price performance, shares of Amazon have returned 63.8% over a year, outperforming theindustry's rally of 29%.New ProductsUpdates to Aid GrowthThe new Echo devices comprising the likes of All-new Echo Dot, Echo Plus, Echo Show and Echo Auto intends to deliver enhanced smart home and car experience to the users.Moreover, the new companion devices such as Echo Wall Clock, Echo Input, Echo Sub, Echo Link and Link Amp will strengthen the performance of Echo smart speakers.All these will support the company to rapidly penetrate the global smart speaker market which as per a report from MarketsandMarkets, is expected to reach $11.8 billion by 2023 at a CAGR of 34.4% between 2018 and 2023.Additionally, the company introduced two smart home devices namely AmazonBasics Microwave and Amazon Smart Plug enabling the householders to control their devices with voice commands. While the first device will help in cooking, the second one will control fans, lights and other electrical home appliances.Further, new Alexa home safety features like Hunches, Video Doorbell, Alexa Guard, to name a few are likely to boost the user base of Alexa with the increasing theft and other major crimes at homes across the world.Moreover, the new entertainment features like TIDAL, Visual Alexa Blueprints, Left-Right Stereo Pairing along with other necessary features that make daily life convenient and hassle-free are likely to help Amazon gain further momentum in the global market for intelligent virtual assistant.Per a report from Research and Markets, this market is expected to witness a CAGR of 32% between 2018 and 2023 and to go beyond $9 billion by 2023.We believe the above mentioned strong endeavors will aid the company in reaping benefits from the rapidly growing global smart home automation market which is expected to reach $137.91 billion by 2023 at a CAGR of 13.6% between 2017 and 2022.Strengthening CompetitionThe vast growth opportunities in the smart home automation market are enticing enough to attract other tech companies like AppleAAPL, Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogle, MicrosoftMSFTand Samsung.All these companies are leaving no stone unturned to bolster their presence in the world of virtual assistants and smart speaker driven by artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning techniques (ML).Nevertheless, with the flurry of smart devices and ever growing Alexa skills, Amazon will continue to gain competitive advantage against these other players. Further, the combination of Alexa and Echo will help the company to maintain its dominance in the market.Currently, Amazon carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GOOGL,AAPL,MSFT
AMZN	9/24/2018 2:12:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Should You Invest in the First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX Fund (FXD)?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/should-you-invest-in-the-first-trust-consumer-discretionary-alphadex-fund-fxd-cm1026990	Shutterstock photoLaunched on 05/08/2007, the First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX Fund (FXD) is a passively managed exchange traded fund designed to provide a broad exposure to the Consumer Discretionary - Broad segment of the equity market.Retail and institutional investors increasingly turn to passively managed ETFs because they offer low costs, transparency, flexibility, and tax efficiency; these kind of funds are also excellent vehicles for long term investors.Sector ETFs are also funds of convenience, offering many ways to gain low risk and diversified exposure to a broad group of companies in particular sectors. Consumer Discretionary - Broad is one of the 16 broad Zacks sectors within the Zacks Industry classification. It is currently ranked 10, placing it in bottom 38%.Index DetailsThe fund is sponsored by First Trust Advisors. It has amassed assets over $413.88 M, making it one of the larger ETFs attempting to match the performance of the Consumer Discretionary - Broad segment of the equity market. FXD seeks to match the performance of the StrataQuant Consumer Discretionary Index before fees and expenses.The StrataQuant Consumer Discretionary Index employs the AlphaDEX stock selection methodology to select stocks from the Russell 1000 Index.CostsExpense ratios are an important factor in the return of an ETF and in the long term, cheaper funds can significantly outperform their more expensive counterparts, other things remaining the same.Annual operating expenses for this ETF are 0.63%, making it on par with most peer products in the space.It has a 12-month trailing dividend yield of 0.90%.Sector Exposure and Top HoldingsEven though ETFs offer diversified exposure which minimizes single stock risk, it is still important to look into a fund's holdings before investing. Luckily, most ETFs are very transparent products that disclose their holdings on a daily basis.This ETF has heaviest allocation in the Consumer Discretionary sector--about 94.60% of the portfolio.Looking at individual holdings, Lululemon Athletica Inc. (LULU) accounts for about 1.88% of total assets, followed by Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and The Tjx Companies, Inc. (TJX).The top 10 holdings account for about 17.44% of total assets under management.Performance and RiskThe ETF has added roughly 4.67% so far this year and it's up approximately 17.34% in the last one year (as of 09/24/2018). In that past 52-week period, it has traded between $37.94 and $45.22.The ETF has a beta of 1.01 and standard deviation of 14.18% for the trailing three-year period, making it a medium risk choice in the space. With about 109 holdings, it effectively diversifies company-specific risk.AlternativesFirst Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX Fund holds a Zacks ETF Rank of 2 (Buy), which is based on expected asset class return, expense ratio, and momentum, among other factors. Because of this, FXD is an excellent option for investors seeking exposure to the Consumer Discretionary ETFs segment of the market. There are other additional ETFs in the space that investors could consider as well.Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF (VCR) tracks MSCI US Investable Market Consumer Discretionary 25/50 Index and the Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLY) tracks Consumer Discretionary Select Sector Index. Vanguard Consumer Discretionary ETF has $3.20 B in assets, Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund has $15.87 B. VCR has an expense ratio of 0.10% and XLY charges 0.13%.Bottom LineTo learn more about this product and other ETFs, screen for products that match your investment objectives and read articles on latest developments in the ETF investing universe, please visitZacks ETF Center.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFT-CONSUMR DIS (FXD): ETF Research ReportsAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportSPDR-CONS DISCR (XLY): ETF Research ReportsVIPERS-CONS DIS (VCR): ETF Research Reportslululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe TJX Companies, Inc. (TJX): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:FXD,AMZN,XLY,VCR,LULU
AMZN	9/24/2018 2:07:56 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon Stock Could See New Highs Coming out of Its Latest Dip	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-stock-could-see-new-highs-coming-out-of-its-latest-dip-cm1027182	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAmazon.Com(NASDAQ:AMZN) stock is on one of its periodic swoons. Shares that traded at nearly $2,050 at the start of September were being offered before trading opened Sept. 18 as low as $1,907. On the face of it, that seems cheap for Amazon stock.Traders snapped up those bargains early in the session, but they were still down over 5% on the month.The question becomes, is this a buying opportunity? Yes, Amazon stock is the most beautiful of all, with a glorious chart, and I've made a lot of money on it over the last five years. But it's also in the political crosshairs, hated by Trump, tariffed by China, and withEuropean regulators demanding Amazon produce 30%of the movies it shows in Europe in Europe.I wrote back in July that Amazon was a bubble stockwaiting to popbut it's been one before. Back in 1999, before its cloud was a gleam in Jeff Bezos' eye, the shares sold for $295. It took 10 years for the company to get back there.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsTime to Sell?Traders take every fall in Amazon stock as a reason to buy it. It's easy to see why. Analysts expect it to earn $17.77 per share this year, $59.06 per share in 2021, with revenue of $234 billion this year andover $285 billion next year.But those estimates, like all estimates, are based on trends remaining what they are. Amazon is now facing some of the same problems asWalmart(NYSE:WMT), low-level employees bitter about theirpay and working conditions, high-level employeesthinking they can steal from itwith impunity.Amazon is also due to become a big target in the trade war, with China's government retaliating against tariffs by restricting sales to it.Like theApple(NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone, Amazon's Echo speakers are made byFoxconn(OTCMKTS:HNHPF) using a factory in Hengyang, China. So are its Kindle e-book readers.These products are key to Amazon's continued growth, because they bring the company's products and services within easy reach of consumers. JonesTrading chief market strategist Michael O'Rourke, in Greenwich, Connecticut, recently sent a note to clients warning that China's retaliation for the present tariffs could result in"scorched earth" economic warfare.Time to Buy Amazon Stock?In areas that are under its control, Amazon continues to hit on all cylinders.It is ready for political battle, not just because founder Jeff Bezos ownsThe Washington Post, but because it continues to need facilities outside its Seattle headquarters, starting with HQ2, now widely expected to go to the Washington D.C. area.Amazon Prime Video won five Emmy awards this year and bundling video with Prime shipping means Amazon has the biggest audience in the U.S. streaming market. (Sorry,Netflix(NASDAQ:NFLX)Even the stupid idea from aCitigroup(NYSE:C) analyst that Amazon be broken up,the Web Services unit spun out into a separate company, was seen as bullish for the stock. The idea is stupid because AWS was built on the cash flow of the rest of the business.The Bottom LineWhether you want to buy Amazon here depends on your time horizon.Over the next month or so, Amazon is a buy on technical grounds, probably headed to new highs. Over a longer-term, five to ten years, Amazon is also a buy, one of the best-run companies in America, perhaps the world.The trade war, and the likelihood of a market crash as the Federal Reserve continues to hike short-term interest rates, oil remains volatile, and political vulnerability remains acute, could make for some rocky times. There is a lot of irrational exuberance in the stock market right now, and Amazon stock is at the center of it.Dana Blankenhornis a financial and technology journalist. He is the author of a new mystery thriller,The Reluctant Detective Finds Her Family, available now at the Amazon Kindle store. Write him atdanablankenhorn@gmail.comor follow him on Twitter at@danablankenhorn. As of this writing he owned shares in AMZN.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postAmazon Stock Could See New Highs Coming out of Its Latest Dipappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,WMT,AAPL,HNHPF,NFLX
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:57:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Snap Teams With Amazon For New Shopping Feature	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/snap-teams-with-amazon-for-new-shopping-feature-20180924-00930	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Snap Inc. (SNAP) on Monday announced that it is testing a new feature to search products on Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) using Snapchat camera.Snapchat users have to simply point their camera at a physical product or barcode, and press and hold on the camera screen to get started. When the item or barcode is recognized, an Amazon card will appear on-screen, surfacing a link for that product or similar ones available on Amazon.Snap is rolling out the feature slowly, the company said in a blog post.SNAP is currently trading at $9.09, down $0.05 or 0.66%, on the NYSE.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937606/snap-teams-with-amazon-for-new-shopping-feature.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:27:33 PM	NULL	NULL	Walmart Stock Is Strong Enough to Withstand an Increased Tariff Hit	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/walmart-stock-is-strong-enough-to-withstand-an-increased-tariff-hit-cm1027184	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsRetail giantWalmart(NYSE:WMT) isn't too happy about the Trump administration enacting tariffs on Chinese imports and potential buyers of Walmart stock wonder how bad things could get.Walmart recently wrote a letter toU.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, in which the company detailed how expanded tariffs on Chinese imports would adversely impact the retailer, its customers, and the U.S. economy. The short of it: tariffs will force Walmart to raise prices, which could have a negative affect on consumers, consumer spending, and U.S. economic activity.If tariffs seem like a negative for Walmart stock, it's because they are. Tariffs mean either Walmart has to absorb higher costs and operate at lower margins, or they have to raise prices. Walmart has made it clear that they will raise prices. Walmart, whose biggest value props are all-in-one convenience and "Everyday Low Prices,"stands to lose a sizable amount of traffic if prices go up.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsThus, tariffs are a headwind for Walmart stock.But, these tariffs aren't that wide-sweeping yet. And, on the positive side, the U.S. economy is doing really well right now, with consumer strength and confidence at nearly two-decade highs. That strength and that confidence provide strong tailwinds for Walmart. Importantly, those tailwinds are wide-sweeping today.Overall, then, I think Walmart stock is a buy here because consumer strength tailwinds will inevitably offset tariff headwinds in the near-term. The result should be strong holiday sales for Walmart, and strong holiday sales should power a big end-of-year rally.Consumer Tailwinds Will Offset Tariff HeadwindsThe narrative at Walmart is pretty good right now.This is a retailer that was being left in the dust byAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN). Essentially, Amazon was beating Walmart at its own game, maximizing convenience and minimizing price.But, Walmart didn't sit idly by while Amazon took over retail. Instead, Walmart has invested big into growing its ecommerce business, expanding omni-channel capabilities, expanding product assortment, and improving the shopping experience.Those big investments have paid off. Now, Walmart is reporting its best comparable sales growth numbers in over a decade.Positive momentum in this narrative is threatened by tariffs. But, at this point in time, such fears seem overstated.Tariffs aren't that wide sweeping yet. While the recent $200 billion in tariffs does affect some core Walmart products like shampoo, handbags, backpacks, calculators, vacuum cleaners, and bicycles, the total impact is still rather small.Of Walmart's $500 billion in sales, it is estimated that$50 billion is tied to Chinese imports. And, not all Chinese imports have been hit with tariffs. Thus, the percentage of products on which Walmart will have to raise prices is far less than 10%. Indeed, that number is likely closer to 5% or lower.That is a small number of items.Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is growing at its best rate in years, and consumer strength and confidence are at essentially two-decade highs. Those are wide-sweeping tailwinds. Almost every U.S. consumer is feeling the benefit of this pick-up in economic activity.As such, it seems obvious to me that this holiday season still be big, regardless of tariffs.Walmart Stock Could Push Through $100Based on the notion that Walmart is back-on-track to maintain its brick-and-mortar retail dominance, and that the company will continue to gain share in the rapidly growing e-commerce market, I have long maintained the view thatWalmart stock is worth around $100 today.By the end of the year, I expect sentiment in Walmart to improve. Right now, tariff headwinds are weighing on the stock. The market has largely forgotten about last quarter's record numbers (the stock is 3% off post-earnings highs).This is a near-term phenomena. As we inch closer towards the holiday season, investor focus will shift from tariffs to holiday sales. If early reads on the holiday season are strong (as I expect them to be), then sentiment on WMT stock will improve.When sentiment on Walmart is strong, this stock tends to trade above fair value. See holiday 2017, when it jumped from $80 in September 2017 to $110 by January 2018.We could get a similar rally here. I wouldn't be surprised to see WMT re-test those January 2018 highs over the next several months given a favorable consumer backdrop heading into the holiday season. As such, I reasonably see another 15% upside over the next few months.Bottom Line on Walmart StockI'm not a huge fan of Walmart stock. The fundamentals are improving, and the stock seems slightly undervalued. That is a good, but not great, combination.The bull thesis on WMT, however, is predicated on the idea that holiday 2018 will be one for the record books, and that such a strong holiday season will temporarily suppress tariff-related fears and send the stock way higher. As such, I think you buy Walmart here for a big end-of-year rally.As of this writing, Luke Lango was long WMT and AMZN.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postWalmart Stock Is Strong Enough to Withstand an Increased Tariff Hitappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:WMT,AMZN
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	HAS or MAT: Which Toymaker Has Better Chances of Survival?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/has-or-mat-which-toymaker-has-better-chances-of-survival-cm1026893	Shutterstock photoThe U.S. toy industry has been struggling with soft consumer demand and declining sales lately. Increasing demand for alternative modes of entertainment - including video games, MP3 players, tablets and smartphones - is marring profitability for traditional toymakers. Notably, demand for toys, previously preferred by kids aged three to nine years, has narrowed down to three to six years due to growing digital accessibility.Subsequently, the United States' largest independent toy seller - Toys "R" Us - could not keep up with fast-changing customer preferences. It failed to compete with retail giants like AmazonAMZNand WalmartWMTon price and shopping convenience. The company was burdened with $5-billion debt.All these factors led the toy seller to file for bankruptcy last year. Further, to add the final nail in the coffin, Toys "R" US started liquidating its U.S. operations (735 Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us stores) from March 2018.Mattel, Inc.MATandHasbro, Inc.HASare much affected by the industry setback as a considerable portion of their revenues were generated from sales to Toys "R" Us. With both the company carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), let us find out which is more affected and which still holds a chance to thrive.You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.Can Mattel Recover?Mattel has been slightly slow to react to deteriorating sales of its flagship product, Barbie. It has hardly taken any measure to reduce reliance on the U.S. sales. Mattel witnessed appointments of multiple CEOs in recent years, and lost Disney Princess and Frozen lines to Hasbro. Moreover, Toys "R" Us used to take care of roughly 15-20% of Mattel's domestic sales, which needs to be revived by the company.Subsequently, the Zacks Consensus Estimate predicts loss of 95 cents per share for the current year, while sales are estimated to fall 3.9% year over year. Mattel's net profit margin in the trailing 12 months is a negative 30.4% as compared with the industry's 5.6%. Moreover, a negative return on equity (ROE) of 56.6% compares unfavorably with the industry's 14.6%.Mattel's suspension of its quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share, starting in the fourth quarter of 2017, did not go down well with investors. A look at Mattel's price trend revealed that the stock had an unimpressive run on the bourses in the past three months. Shares of the company have lost 4.7% against theindustry's collective increase of 0.1% during the same time frame.Although Mattel is trying to focus on product innovation and fortify its digital capabilities, with better execution of marketing and promotional initiatives, we need wait and see if the company can do better in the near term.Does Hasbro Stand to Thrive?Hasbro has been one of the early movers to gauge impacts of Toys "R" Us bankruptcy and subsequently has been trying to curb its dependence on the retailer. It has been focusing on varied product launches, partnerships and major theatrical releases to drive incremental sales. Shares of the company have also gained 18.1% over the past three months, outperforming the industry's rally.However, despite testing waters with new distribution methods, development of digital-play components and exploration of ventures with other industries, Hasbro is still facing headwinds from Toys "R" Us liquidation. The consensus estimate predicts Hasbro's sales to fall 4.8% year over year for the current quarter. However, earnings are predicted to be $4.75 for the current year.Meanwhile, Hasbro reinvests efficiently than peers as is reflected by its ROE of 35.3%. Net profit margin in the trailing 12 months is 4.2%. Hasbro also has a dividend yield of 2.4%.Summing UpSince Hasbro has been cautious of implications from Toys "R" US liquidation, it has crafted varied counter strategies to come out unscathed. The company is a clear winner, in terms of share price movement, profit margin, ROE and estimated earnings for the current year.On the other hand, Mattel is already in troubled waters and only a well-planned move could shore up the company's flagging fortune.Please take a look at the following table to compare these two toy makers.Source:https://www.zacks.comThe Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportWalmart Inc. (WMT): Free Stock Analysis ReportHasbro, Inc. (HAS): Free Stock Analysis ReportMattel, Inc. (MAT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,WMT,HAS,MAT
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:16:00 PM	NULL	NULL	How Will the S&P 500 Sector Reshuffle Impact Markets?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/how-will-the-sp-500-sector-reshuffle-impact-markets-cm1026900	Shutterstock photoThe much awaited sectoral reorganization of the Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") of SP Dow Jones Indices will become effective from Sep 24. In fact, this will mark Wall Street's largest broad-industry sectoral overhaul since 1999 and will result in readjustment of 23 stocks with market cap around $2.7 trillion. The SP 500's market cap will be impacted by about 10%.Major sectors which will be affected by this overhaul are information technology, consumer discretionary and old-economy telecommunications which is now being revived as communication services sector. The stock reshuffle is likely to have a ripple effect through the $4.4 trillion global exchange traded funds market along with other institutionally managed funds like mutual funds, hedge funds to name a few.Who is Moving Where?The newly formed communications sector will consist of traditional telecom operators, internet-based companies and media companies. Seven internet-based behemoths and 16 consumer discretionary stocks will enter this sector.Notable among them are Facebook Inc.FB, Alphabet Inc.GOOGL, Netflix Inc.NFLX, Comcast Inc.CMCSAand The Walt Disney Co.DIS. They will join existing players like Verizon, ATT and CenturyLink. However, eBay Inc.EBAYwill move to consumer discretionary from the tech sector. eBay carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Per the index committee of SP Dow Jones Indices, rapid technological advancement is systematically redefining the parameters of these industries and as such these industries are converging. The sectoral overhaul will reflect consumer preference to utilize internet services, online digital platform and content under a single entity. According to the index committee, reshuffling of the SP 500 sectors will make them more pure-play in nature.How Will the Reclassification Affect SP 500 Sectors?The recent sectoral overhaul will increase communications services' weightage in the overall SP 500 index from a mere 1.9% to 10.2%. Meanwhile, the influence of tech sector and consumer discretionary sectors will come down from 25.6% to 20.1 and 12.7% to 10%, respectively.The old telecom sector was characterized as defensive and highly suitable for value investors due to its high dividend yield. However, the new communications services sector will be cyclical with high growth orientation and low dividend yield. Moreover, within this sector, stocks like Alphabet, Netflix and Facebook will carry more weight sidetracking Verizon and ATT.For the tech sector, Apple Inc.'sAAPLweightage will increase from 15.6% to 20%. Other beneficiary companies in this sector will be Microsoft, Intel, Cisco and Visa. The consumer discretionary sector will rotate around Amazon.com Inc.AMZNas its weight will go up from 27% to 34%. Other important stocks in this sector will be Home Depot and McDonald's Corp.Effect on Asset Managers and Individual InvestorsThere might not be any significant impact for fund managers tracking broad-market SP 500 index since there is no entry or elimination of any stock. However, there might be significant changes in portfolios of exchange traded funds (ETF) which passively track sector indexes and several other mutual funds focused on indexes of telecom, tech and consumer discretionary sectors. This could trigger a domino effect in stock markets.The FAANG stocks, prominently known as tech behemoths have provided a massive 34% average return in the last five years compared with 14.5% of the benchmark SP 500. These stocks will now be divided into three sectors.Moreover, reclassification will change these three sector's returns, P/E multiples, margins and fundamental growth potential. Accordingly, asset managers may need to reshuffle stocks worth billions of dollars to readjust their portfolios.Additionally, it was noticed that several asset managers handling quantitative hedge funds use sector ETFs to hedge their portfolio. Changes in sector ETFs will affect their positions as some sectors may become overweight while some may be downgraded to underweight.Individual investors also take into consideration market trends while taking their investment decisions. Generally, people buy stocks of growth industries in upswing and defensive ones in the bear market. The change in the SP 500 sectoral composition will also compel them to reconsider their investment decisions.The effect of SP 500's sectoral overhaul is evident from the fact that the newly introduced the Communication Services Select Sector SPDR (XLC) Fund, launched by the State Street witnessed trading worth of more than $215 million on Sep 20, an all-time record for the fund since it started in June.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReporteBay Inc. (EBAY): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportComcast Corporation (CMCSA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:DIS,NFLX,AMZN,EBAY,FB
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:12:04 PM	NULL	NULL	There’s Still Time to Buy Amazon Stock for Tremendous Gains	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/theres-still-time-to-buy-amazon-stock-for-tremendous-gains-cm1027185	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsYou know a company has made it when its own name is used to describe a crushing monopoly.Uber's CEO recently proclaimed that it wants to become the "Amazon of transportation."Whether it's "the Amazon of China," "the Amazon of logistics," or even "the Amazon of cannabis," the phrase is everywhere.Now thatAmazon, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMZN) has become the second company to hit $1 trillion in market cap, we're going to be hearing that phrase even more often. After all, this company has over 95 million users in the U.S. alone. One out of every two households uses this service.If you haven't yet bought AMZN but are considering it, I have good news for you: There's still time. Based on my research, I see plenty of upside potential for the e-commerce giant. In fact,I currently recommend the stockas a Strong Buy in my newsletters.Amazon dominates the online sale of consumer products across North America and much of the world. If you've ever shopped on Amazon.com, you know that you can purchase pretty much anything through the website. And, in most cases, you can get free shipping. So it's no surprise that Amazon Prime members spend an average of $1,500 on the platform each year.Turn $10,000 into $133,900Along with online retail, Amazon also manufactures and sells electronic devices, like Kindle e-readers and tablets, smartphones and virtual assistants. The company also offers cloud storage services, which allow its users to store unlimited photos, videos, files and documents remotely. Amazon Web Services' (AWS) biggest customer is the U.S. government, with over 2,000 agencies using AWS.And that's not even mentioning Amazon's recent acquisition of Whole Foods Market, or its popular entertainment segment. In fact, Amazon is claiming its share of the booming online entertainment industry with its Prime Video service. Amazon is competing againstNetflix's(NASDAQ:NFLX) streaming service, which is gutsy.I understand that AMZN comes with a hefty price tag, so if you'd rather not add the stock at this time, that's fine. However, when it comes to monopolistic, market-dominating companies like Amazon, I am comfortable with paying a premium. Judging from analysts' forecasts, Amazon shows no signs of slowing down.For the third quarter, the analyst community is expecting that Amazon.com will post 30.4% annual sales growth and a whopping 498.1% annual earnings growth. And those estimates keep climbing - over the past three months, the consensus EPS estimate has jumped 78%.Right now, retail stocks are outperforming due to strong consumer spending in the U.S. Amazon, as the most innovative and dominant retailer, is at the top of the heap. Amazon has established a devoted customer base through its e-commerce sites, and this brand loyalty is carrying over to its new ventures. This makes Amazon's growth prospects especially exciting.For these reasons,I recommend AMZN as a Strong Buy. AMZN is a tremendous monopolistic play that continues to benefit from strong consumer spending in the U.S.Sincerely,Louis NavellierCompare BrokersThe postThere's Still Time to Buy Amazon Stock for Tremendous Gainsappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,NFLX
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:09:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Snapchat ties up with Amazon for point-and-buy	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/snapchat-ties-up-with-amazon-for-pointandbuy-20180924-00905	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 24 (Reuters) - Snap Inc  said on Monday it is testing a new way to search for products on Amazon.com  through its Snapchat app's camera, allowing users to shop directly using the messaging app.The visual search function will allow Snapchat users to point its camera at an item or barcode and buy it from Amazon."When the item or barcode is recognized, an Amazon card will appear on-screen, surfacing a link for that product or similar ones available on Amazon," the company said on a blog post(graphic).This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,Stocks,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:02:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon's (AMZN) Cloud Computing Arm to Expand in Indonesia	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazons-amzn-cloud-computing-arm-to-expand-in-indonesia-cm1026930	Shutterstock photoAmazon.com Inc.'sAMZNcloud computing arm, Amazon Web Services ("AWS") is focused on bolstering its presence in the cloud industry through international expansion.Reportedly, Amazon Web Services plans to expand its presence in Indonesia. It aims to invest 14 trillion rupiah (or $944.5 million) over the next 10 years in the country.This expansion will boost the customer base of AWS and enhance the brand's presence in the Asia Pacific region. This will further drive the top line of the company.Coming to price performance, Amazon has outperformed the industry it belongs to over the past year. Shares of Amazon have gained 103.8% compared with theindustry's growth of 41.5% in the said period.Cloud Holds PromiseCloud still remains an expanding market with high growth prospects. In a recent report, Gartner projected the public cloud market to reach $411.4 billion by 2020. We believe that Amazon, with its ongoing initiatives, is well poised to grab the growth opportunity.Indonesia has been witnessing a strong demand for cloud-based services. There has been a rise in the adoption of cloud computing in the country.According to a market research report, Indonesia is expected to witness the fastest growth among the ASEAN countries. Growth in mobile consumption and increasing demand for disaster recovery services will drive the cloud market in Indonesia.Hence, Amazon's decision to expand in this country is the right move.AWS Gaining TractionAmazon is gaining momentum with growing cloud business. AWS is gaining traction with its expanding clientele to new countries, courtesy of its continuous efforts to improve offerings. The company is actively exploring the Asia Pacific market, in the interest of tapping the opportunities therein.In the last reported quarter, AWS generated $4.6 billion, growing more than 40% year over year in each of the last five quarters. It generates considerably stronger margins than the traditional retail business, which is a big positive. AWS is gaining momentum with customers including Adobe, GE OilGas, Kellogg's, Airbnb, hilips, Pinterest, Spotify, Tata Motors, Unilever, McDonalds, BMW, British Gas, Capital One, US Department of State and USDA Food and Nutrition Service.AWS is becoming popular due to its reliability and innovative services like AWS machine learning, Amazon SageMaker, Amazon Aurora, AWS Secrets Manager and many more.We note that Amazon's continuous efforts toward expanding its presence worldwide will help in sustaining its leadership position in the cloud market. Furthermore, expansions are strengthening Amazon's competitive position against global rivals such as Microsoft and Alibaba.Amazon.com, Inc. Price and ConsensusAmazon.com, Inc. Price and Consensus|Amazon.com, Inc. QuoteZacks Rank and Other Stocks to ConsiderAmazon currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Other top-ranked stocks in the same industry include Infineon Technologies AGIFNNY, ON Semiconductor CorporationONand Rambus Inc.RMBS, each carrying a Zacks Rank #2. You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Long-term earnings growth for Infineon Technologies, ON Semiconductor and Rambus is currently projected to be 7.5%, 13.2% and 10%, respectively.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportInfineon Technologies AG (IFNNY): Free Stock Analysis ReportRambus, Inc. (RMBS): Free Stock Analysis ReportON Semiconductor Corporation (ON): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,IFNNY,RMBS,ON
AMZN	9/24/2018 12:09:38 PM	NULL	NULL	Can Twitter (TWTR) Survive Amazon's (AMZN) Ad Dominance?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/can-twitter-twtr-survive-amazons-amzn-ad-dominance-cm1026807	Shutterstock photoHow much is Twitter (TWTR) stock really worth? That question has never been easy to answer, even if we were granted more than 140 characters in our attempt to do so. And it’s even less clear now given Amazon (AMZN) has just ascended to become the third-largest digital ad platform behind Google (GOOG,GOOGL) and Facebook (FB).Twitter stock closed Friday at $28.50, down more than 4.5% amid the broader tech selloff. On the bright side, the shares have risen 18.7% year to date, besting the 9.5% rise in the S500 Index. But when factoring last week’s 5.4% slide, the San Francisco-based micro-blogging site has seen 37.9% of its value wiped out over the past three months. And there are now persistent questions about the company’s earnings potential, which could limit its stock appreciation over the next 12 to 18 months.How should investors play the slide in TWTR shares, particularly as it approaches its next earnings release, which is expected sometime in mid-October? And just as important, is TWTR now a better value than Facebook or even Snap (SNAP), which have suffered share price declines of their own?However, given that Twitter relies almost exclusively on advertising dollars, the fact that Amazon has just ascended to become the third-largest digital ad platform,accordingto research firm eMarketer, makes Twitter’s growth prospects more ominous. eMarketer forecasts U.S. advertisers could spend some $4.61 billion on Amazon’s advertising platform in 2018. That level of spending would translate to a surge of 144.5% year over year.Amazon’s digital ad segment, which surpassed both Microsoft (MSFT) and Verizon’s (VZ) Oath conglomerate, should remove any doubt as to whether the e-commerce giant can emerge as a meaningful rival to the biggest ad publishers in the world. Now a multibillion dollar business, Amazon’s ad segment continues grow as companies are increasingly buying ads on the platform.In this case, this drastic and immediate rise in Amazon’s digital ad business is likely to have wide-ranging implications for those within the industry. And this could impact Twitter more than Facebook. Looking ahead, when Twitter reports third quarter result in October, analysts will be wanting to see earnings of 14 cents per share on revenue of $703.72 million.On a year-over-year basis, those results would mark respective increases of 40% and 19.35%. Indeed, both the top- and bottom-line expectations suggests a healthy business. But the overall trends would remain challenged. It would be foolish for advertisers to not want the best-bang-for-their-buck by buying ad space on Amazon — a platform where the main purpose is to shop.And assuming Amazon can continue to grow its share of the digital ad market, driven by the fact people come to its platform to shop and spend money, Twitter stock — which still commands a premium multiple of 40 — will continue to erode unless it finds ways to catapult itself to be on par with Amazon.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Stocks,Investing Ideas,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:TWTR,AMZN
AMZN	9/24/2018 11:35:48 AM	NULL	NULL	A Free Holiday Gift in Walmart Stock	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-free-holiday-gift-in-walmart-stock-cm1027188	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsWal-Mart(NYSE:WMT) shares have been on technical layaway in recent weeks. But in our estimation, that should prove to be a nice pre-holiday gift for a free bullish options combination spread on WMT stock. Let me explain.Since reporting a solid and very-well-received earnings report in mid-August, there's been some returning of merchandise by Wall Street. WMT stock is off about 2.7% from its post-reaction close. But that's actually not anything to be overly concerned about. Nor is thedoom and gloom from today's headlineswarning of the impact of tariffs on consumers and businesses or maybe howAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) is going to crush the competition this holiday season.Bottom line (or in this instance, the squiggly price line), WMT shares have remained more than 6% above their pre-earnings price without ever coming close to filling the price gap and testing Walmart bulls' intestinal fortitude. That's bullish, plain and simple.As such, it's our contention the price action in WMT stock has been akin to layaway buying by smart-money operators in front of the all-important retail selling season for the company and a breakout buying season for WMT investors.WMT Stock Weekly ChartTechnically, Walmart has been busy making all the right moves over the past several weeks with higher prices increasingly likely to follow. As discussed back in mid-August WMT stock did hold the 50% level of its cup-shaped corrective base. I'll take a pat on the back for that technical call.The 8 Best Cash Cow Stocks to Buy for Stable ReturnsWhat I didn't expect was the bullish support in Walmart shares would take on the shape of a small "W" or handle consolidation. It's a pattern hinted at above that I'll describe as supportive, but stealthy, layaway buying in front of other investors picking up shares more aggressively during a breakout phase in WMT.WMT Stock Bullish Spread CombinationWMT's price action of the last several weeks, while certainly constructive, did put the kibosh ona bullish September-dated spreadwhich cost about 0.5% out-of-pocket.Reviewing WMT stock's options board for fresh ideas, I do see a gift for bulls in front of the Christmas holiday. Today's combination enjoys an earnings catalyst - an anticipated strong retail selling season for Walmart - and won't cost bullish investors a cent to enter.The strategy involves selling the Dec $95/$92.50 put spread and buying the Dec $105 call for even money or better. The put vertical finances the entire price of the long call. I like this position for a couple reasons.First, while the put spread's risk isn't far removed from WMT stock's current price of $95.90, the exposure is less than 3% of owning shares and is mostly below what's viewed as a sturdy technical platform.Secondly and as mentioned, the "free" call does enjoy a couple strong events during its life cycle. Further, the $105 call strike is placed below a cup-shaped pattern breakout through the high near $108 and would already be worth $3.00 or more in profit if a technical challenge took place prior to December expiration.Lastly, bullish traders can always look to adjust the position as the price action in WMT stock unfolds. If shares fail to hold support, risk is limited but exiting for a potentially much smaller loss can't be faulted. On the other hand, if Walmart puts a smiley face on other Walmart investors, there'll be plenty of options, pardon the pun, for this bull to profitably adjust with as well.Investment accounts under Christopher Tyler's management do not currently own positions in any securities mentioned in this article. The information offered is based upon Christopher Tyler's observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual.For additional market insights and related musings, follow Chris on Twitter@Options_CATandStockTwits.More From InvestorPlace20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal8 Long-Term Investments to Give Your Grandchildren5 Red-Hot Machine-Learning Stocks to Buy5 Great REITs to Buy as Inflation SurgesCompare BrokersThe postA Free Holiday Gift in Walmart Stockappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:WMT,AMZN
AMZN	9/24/2018 11:23:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Weight Watchers To Change Name To WW; Shifts Focus To Overall Wellness	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/weight-watchers-to-change-name-to-ww-shifts-focus-to-overall-wellness-20180924-00783	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) said Monday that it will change its name to WW to reflect the shift in its focus from weight loss to overall health and well-being. The company also announced the launch of several new services and partnerships.The company said that globally, it will use a new tagline, "Wellness that Works", to reflect the company's heritage as well as its overall approach to health and well-being.Starting in January 2011, every product sold directly to consumers by WW globally will have no artificial sweeteners, flavors, colors and preservatives, WW said.The company said that its WW app, used by WW members around the world, will be updated on October 4 to reflect the new brand identity.WW also announced the launch of "WellnessWins," a program that rewards members for small, everyday behaviors that are proven to lead to healthier habits.In addition, WW has formed a partnership with Headspace, a healthcare company that specializes in meditation, to help develop customized content for WW members.WW will revise its FitPoints system to encourage activity choices, based on what will have the greatest impact on an individual's health and wellness.WW will also launch "Connect Groups," to help foster meaningful relationships between members of WW's community by sharing tips based on specific interest areas. Connect Groups will be available globally by December.Further, WW is launching a beta version of voice integration with Amazon Alexa and the Google Assistant. The company is planning a U.S. launch for late fall and a global expansion thereafter."From the moment I chose to invest in the company and join the Board, I have believed that the role WW can play in people's lives goes far beyond a number on the scale. As Weight Watchers becomes WW, I believe we will continue to inspire people not only to eat well, but to move more, connect with others and continue to experience the joys of a healthy life," said media mogul Oprah Winfrey.Winfrey is a member of the company's board and also holds more than 8 percent stake in the company.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937588/weight-watchers-to-change-name-to-ww-shifts-focus-to-overall-wellness.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 10:47:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall Street's S&P communication sector starts with slight gain	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-streets-sp-communication-sector-starts-with-slight-gain-20180924-01098	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Wall Street's SP communication sector starts with slight gainBy Caroline ValetkevitchNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The new SP 500 communication services sector, which includes such high-profile names asFacebookInc , Alphabet Inc  and Netflix Inc , made its debut on Monday with a small gain, after the largest-ever overhaul of Wall Street's broad business sectors.Under the shakeup of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), those stocks and others were moved out of the technology and consumer discretionary sectors into the new group - a bulked-up version of the former telecommunications sector."It's testament to the strength and transparency of U.S. equity markets that it was smooth as silk, that you can take all these stocks and reclassify them into a new sector and not disrupt trading," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee."It was like somebody repainted a bedroom overnight. It went from blue to purple with no disruption."The communication sector  ended the day up 0.2 percent, compared with a 0.4 percent drop for the broader SP 500.The biggest boosts to the index on Monday came from Facebook, up 1.5 percent; Netflix, up 2.3 percent; Walt Disney Co, up 2.1 percent; and Alphabet, up 0.6 percent.The biggest drag was Comcast Corp, which fell 6.0 percent after news it beat Rupert Murdoch'sTwenty-First Century Fox Inc  in the battle to buy Sky Plc  on Saturday.Twitter Inc, which also moved to the new communication sector, was up 0.4 percent, while Verizon Communications Inc  fell 1.6 percent, CenturyLink Inc  was down 0.2 percent and ATT Inc  gained 0.4 percent.SP Dow Jones Indices and MSCI had maintained the widely used industry classification system since 1999, and the reshuffling was meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved."It was a needed change... and it looks like the transition was fairly smooth for these companies," said J. Bryant Evans, investment advisor and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois.Apple Inc, which remained in the SP information technology index, rose 1.4 percent, while Amazon.com Inc, which stayed in the SP consumer discretionary index, climbed 1 percent.The Communication Services Select Sector SPDR Fund, which State Street Corp  launched in June to track the new sector, was flat on the day.Replacing the telecom sector - which was about 2 percent of the entire SP 500 - the communications index has a roughly 11 percent weighting under its new communication services tag.The weighting of the technology index, fell to about 20 percent, from 26 percent, while consumer discretionary  dropped to about 11 percent, from 13 percent.The communication services fund could continue to attract new money in coming weeks as investors seek access to stocks that dropped out of the other indexes, strategists said.At 18.7 times forward earnings estimates, the expanded communication services sector carries a higher valuation than the prior telecom sector, whose forward P/E was just 10.5 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.The reworked information technology sector carries a forward P/E of 18.4 times, based on the data. The tech sector's prior P/E was 19.5 times.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
AMZN	9/24/2018 10:47:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall Street's S&P communication sector starts with a whimper	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-streets-sp-communication-sector-starts-with-a-whimper-20180924-00767	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Wall Street's SP communication sector starts with slight gainBy Caroline ValetkevitchNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The new SP 500 communication services sector, which includes such high-profile names asFacebookInc , Alphabet Inc  and Netflix Inc , made its debut on Monday with a small gain, after the largest-ever overhaul of Wall Street's broad business sectors.Under the shakeup of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), those stocks and others were moved out of the technology and consumer discretionary sectors into the new group - a bulked-up version of the former telecommunications sector."It's testament to the strength and transparency of U.S. equity markets that it was smooth as silk, that you can take all these stocks and reclassify them into a new sector and not disrupt trading," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee."It was like somebody repainted a bedroom overnight. It went from blue to purple with no disruption."The communication sector  ended the day up 0.2 percent, compared with a 0.4 percent drop for the broader SP 500.The biggest boosts to the index on Monday came from Facebook, up 1.5 percent; Netflix, up 2.3 percent; Walt Disney Co, up 2.1 percent; and Alphabet, up 0.6 percent.The biggest drag was Comcast Corp, which fell 6.0 percent after news it beat Rupert Murdoch'sTwenty-First Century Fox Inc  in the battle to buy Sky Plc  on Saturday.Twitter Inc, which also moved to the new communication sector, was up 0.4 percent, while Verizon Communications Inc  fell 1.6 percent, CenturyLink Inc  was down 0.2 percent and ATT Inc  gained 0.4 percent.SP Dow Jones Indices and MSCI had maintained the widely used industry classification system since 1999, and the reshuffling was meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved."It was a needed change... and it looks like the transition was fairly smooth for these companies," said J. Bryant Evans, investment advisor and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois.Apple Inc, which remained in the SP information technology index, rose 1.4 percent, while Amazon.com Inc, which stayed in the SP consumer discretionary index, climbed 1 percent.The Communication Services Select Sector SPDR Fund, which State Street Corp  launched in June to track the new sector, was flat on the day.Replacing the telecom sector - which was about 2 percent of the entire SP 500 - the communications index has a roughly 11 percent weighting under its new communication services tag.The weighting of the technology index, fell to about 20 percent, from 26 percent, while consumer discretionary  dropped to about 11 percent, from 13 percent.The communication services fund could continue to attract new money in coming weeks as investors seek access to stocks that dropped out of the other indexes, strategists said.At 18.7 times forward earnings estimates, the expanded communication services sector carries a higher valuation than the prior telecom sector, whose forward P/E was just 10.5 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.The reworked information technology sector carries a forward P/E of 18.4 times, based on the data. The tech sector's prior P/E was 19.5 times.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
AMZN	9/24/2018 10:25:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Sears needs to sell more real estate assets: CEO Lampert's fund	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/sears-needs-to-sell-more-real-estate-assets-ceo-lamperts-fund-20180924-00745	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sears CEO Lampert offers new deals to avert bankruptcyBy Jessica DiNapoliSept 24 (Reuters) - Sears Holdings Corp  Chief Executive Eddie Lampert, a major investor in the company, has proposed rescue deals to help the department store chain avoid bankruptcy as debt matures next month and it faces a cash crunch, according to a regulatory filing released on Monday.Billionaire Lampert, who also runs hedge fund ESL Investments Inc, said the 125-year-old department store chain should take steps reduce its debt load to $1.2 billion from $5.6 billion. Lampert and his hedge fund, which he controls, own about 50 percent of Sears, according to Thomson Reuters data.Lampert said the company should continue selling real estate to reduce debt by $1.5 billion and that ESL would be a back-up bidder for the properties.Sears said it has referred Lampert's proposal to a special committee.In an internal message seen by Reuters, Sears said, "We will now be working aggressively to execute liability management transactions so that we can extend our runway and continue executing on our transformation strategy."The proposals came as a Sears special committee weighs a prior offer from Lampert to acquire the retailer's Kenmore appliances brand and its home services business for as much as $480 million. Sears warned this month it could go out of business as it waits for approval from the committee on the deal.The U.S. government agency overseeing the pensions of 100,000 of the company's former workers must also approve a sale of Kenmore.Sears' shares, worth $30 in 2015, were down 3 percent at $1.24 Monday.Credit ratings agency Fitch Ratings Inc said it viewed Lampert's proposed deal as "challenging to execute." Even if the deal is done, Sears would still need significant cash to operate because of challenges in retail, the ratings agency said.In recent decades, Sears, which was the world's largest retailer in the 1960s, has struggled in the face of declining foot traffic at its brick-and-mortar stores.In another attempt to avoid bankruptcy, money-losing Sears last year sold its Craftsman tool brand to power tool maker Stanley BlackDecker  for $900 million.This article appears in:World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 9:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	T-Mobile revamps prepaid brand to spruce up image	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/tmobile-revamps-prepaid-brand-to-spruce-up-image-20180924-00645	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Sheila  DangSept 24 (Reuters) - T-Mobile US Inc  said Monday it is renaming its prepaid brand to Metro by T-Mobile and adding two new unlimited phone plans that will include perks like Google One cloud storage and Amazon  Prime, in an effort to remove the perception that prepaid plans have subpar service.As the third-largest U.S. wireless carrier awaits regulatory approval for its $26 billion deal to buy smaller rival Sprint Corp, T-Mobile is blurring the lines between its brands to avoid regulators ordering T-Mobile to divest Metro as a condition to approve the merger, one analyst said."This makes Metro and T-Mobile more of a continuum rather than two distinct brands," said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics, in an interview.Opponents of the merger have demanded T-Mobile divest some of its customers, pointing to T-Mobile and Sprint's large combined market share of prepaid customers, which would be over 50 percent, according to data from Kagan, SP Global Market Intelligence. Sprint owns prepaid brand Boost Mobile.T-Mobile's rebranding of MetroPCS is aimed at changing the perception of the business among people who equated prepaid with low quality, or did not realize MetroPCS operated on T-Mobile's network, said Tom Keys, president of Metro by T-Mobile, in an interview.Peter Adderton, founder of Boost Mobile, said the rebranding does not change the fact that prepaid and postpaid are different markets, and he called for regulators to evaluate the merger's effect on them separately.Adderton, who is no longer affiliated with Boost's business in the United States, had previously called for the companies to divest some users and formal regulation to ensure that smaller wireless companies that operate off T-Mobile and Sprint's networks could stay competitive.Metro by T-Mobile's top-tier unlimited plan will cost $60 for one line and include both Google One and Amazon Prime.This article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,EconomyReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 2:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Comcast demonstrates Sky-high ambition in global media shake-up	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/comcast-demonstrates-skyhigh-ambition-in-global-media-shakeup-20180924-00040	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Paul Sandle and Ken LiLONDON/NEW YORK, Sept 23 (Reuters) - U.S. cable giant Comcast scored a big win in the scramble for media assets by beating Rupert Murdoch, and his backer Disney, in the battle for Sky with an eye-watering $40 billion bid.It was a "great day" for Comcast, Chairman and Chief Executive Brian L. Roberts said of Saturday's auction victory. The U.S. group has had its sights set on Sky, Europe's biggest pay-TV company, ever since Walt Disney Co  beat it to most of Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox  assets in July."The price being paid for Sky is shocking, but it is a clear sign that legacy media companies are desperate for scale in a world dominated by tech platform giants," said Richard Greenfield, technology and media analyst at research firm BTIG.Explaining the basis of big media's rush to merge, Greenfield likened it to the opening scene in the documentary "March of the Penguins".'WINTER IS COMING'"The penguins huddle to survive winter. With Disney/Fox and Comcast/Sky, it's penguins huddling. Winter is still coming," he said, referring to the advance of tech players such as Amazon.Sky would reduce Comcast's reliance on its mature U.S. market by opening the door to Europe, where pay-TV penetration is at about 30 percent and rising.The deal would also transform Comcast into the world's largest pay-TV operator with 52 million customers and lift the proportion of its non-U.S. revenue to about 20 percent from about 9 percent, based on 2017 full-year figures.Comcast is paying a high price - more than double Sky's share price before Fox made its approach in December 2016. But analysts said that a favourable result in the English Premier League soccer rights auction - Sky's biggest expense - during the takeover saga had made the business more valuable.Sky also gives Comcast an immediate beachhead in online video streaming with its Now TV business, which has about 2 million customers.Analysts see Comcast super-charging Now TV to combat Netflix across the globe. And Sky's exclusive relationships to distribute HBO entertainment content and Premier League soccer further insulate Comcast over the next few years.CLOUDS AND SILVER LININGSCritics of the deal, however, argue that such relationships are sure to come under threat in the longer term, as content producers launch their own services and competition for sports broadcasting rights intensifies as deep-pocketed tech companies join the fray.On the upside, however, Sky's product range - including  broadband connections that complement its satellite offer in state-of-the-art platforms such as Sky Q - and its brand make it more than a content aggregator, said Alice Enders, head of research at Enders Analysis,"Sky has an extraordinarily well established brand; it is a destination, and that is very valuable in the world of fragmented media," she said.This article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,Economy,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AMZN,
AMZN	9/24/2018 1:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Tech index refresh could give under-the-radar names their day in the sun	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/tech-index-refresh-could-give-undertheradar-names-their-day-in-the-sun-20180924-00015	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David RandallNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - A reshuffling of Wall Street benchmark industry sectors that transferred high-flying FANG stocks likeFacebookInc  and Google-parent Alphabet Inc  out of the technology label may be a boon to some under-the-radar companies that used to compete with them for investor attention.Companies such as Cisco Systems Inc, Juniper Networks Inc, Xerox Corp, Akamai Technologies Inc, and Texas Instruments Inc  that do not often grab headlines could be among the unexpected winners from the largest reclassification of companies on Wall Street since 1999, fund managers say."At the end of the day, there are a lot of investors who are very sector-aware," said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York."If you're a smaller tech company, this is great because you no longer have to compete against Google for capital."The overhaul by SP Dow Jones Indices of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) took effect on Monday. The changes are meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved. Maintained by SP and MSCI since 1999 and widely used by portfolio managers, the taxonomy classifies companies across 11 sectors.The communication services sector will include three out of the four so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc  and Alphabet - even though investors widely consider them the leaders of the tech rally that powered the stock market higher in recent years.While Alphabet and Facebook will leave technology, Netflix will be moved out of consumer discretionary to join the renamed sector. Amazon.com will stay put in consumer discretionary.Shares of Alphabet, which made up approximately 10.2 percent of the technology sector, are up 12.3 percent for the year to date. After Apple, Microsoft Corp, Visa Inc, Intel Corp  and Cisco now round out the SP tech index's largest five components.Overall, the regrouping of companies in new sectors is expected to generate more than $30 billion in market activity as active investors and passive exchange-traded funds (ETFs) recalibrate their positions to reflect the new weightings, according to estimates from State Street.While most diversified fund managers have wide leeway in deciding what companies to own, most tend to hug the weightings of the SP 500 sectors when constructing their portfolios.That means that if a fund manager used to own Alphabet as a way to gain technology exposure, he or she would need to find another company to fill that hole now that Alphabet is in another sector.PLAYING DEFENSEThe shuffling of benchmark sectors may also make it harder for investors to play defense during the next market sell-off. Former value-stock companies like ATT Inc  that were in the telecommunications sector are now lumped together with growth-focused companies like Netflix Inc  in the communications services sector."In times when you would want to play defense and allocate to telecom, you can't really do that anymore," said Cliff Hodge, director of investments for Charlotte, North Carolina-based Cornerstone Wealth.Approximately 61 percent of the new communications sector will be growth stocks - so named because investors are often willing to pay a higher multiple in anticipation of above-market growth rates - while 100 percent of the former telecommunications sector were value stocks, the name given to companies that have slower growth rates but better dividends and balance sheets, according to State Street Advisors.The former telecom sector traded at a forward price to earnings ratio of 10.6, nearly half of the 19.3 P/E of the new communications sector.The sector paid a dividend yield of 5.45 percent, making it an attractive place for investors to hide during market downturns. Yet the sector, renamed communication services, now includes stocks like Netflix, which doesn't pay a dividend at all.With the telecom sector gone, more investors will gravitate toward consumer staples and utilities sectors, which have become a popular - and expensive - place for dividend income, said  Jeffrey Liguori, chief investment officer at Providence, Rhode Island-based Napatree Capital."Verizon is not a telephone company anymore and neither is ATT," he said. "They should be trading like media companies and getting valuations that are more appropriate as well."This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
AMZN	9/24/2018 12:53:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Home modems, routers hit by U.S. China tariffs as 'smart' tech goods escape	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/home-modems-routers-hit-by-us-china-tariffs-as-smart-tech-goods-escape-20180924-00008	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David LawderWASHINGTON, Sept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. tariffs that hit some $200 billion worth of Chinese products on Monday spare many high-profile consumer technology items such as "smart" watches and speakers, but the less flashy home modems, routers and internet gateways that make them work weren't so lucky.Consumer tech industry officials and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency say they expect billions of dollars worth of these products, including those designed for home use, will be subject to the 10 percent tariffs activated on Monday."We're operating under the assumption that the tens of millions of devices that deliver high-speed internet into consumers' homes will be impacted by these tariffs," said Jim Brennan, Arris' senior vice president of supply chain, quality and operations."It feels anti-consumer because our devices are what enables the core of consumer tech," Brennan told Reuters.The modems, routers, switching and networking gear that keep the internet functioning were not included in a newly created U.S. tariff code that was exempted from the latest China tariffs, a spokesperson for the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said.The agency has made no distinction between consumer-use modems and routers and the commercial network equipment used by data centers and broadband internet providers.Most new internet-connected devices had been lumped into a broad category in the U.S. Harmonized Tariff Schedule, 85176200, "Machines for the reception, conversion and transmission or regeneration of voice, images or other data, including switching and routing apparatus."The catch-all category saw $23 billion in U.S. imports from China and $47.6 billion from the world last year. It was the largest component of U.S. President Donald Trump's latest tariffs targeting Chinese goods.The U.S. Trade Representative's office had said it was breaking out items such as smart watches, fitness trackers, Bluetooth audio streaming devices and smart speakers into a new subcategory that would be exempted, but it gave few details.According to a notice posted by the U.S. International Trade Commission, computer modems would stay in a separate sub-category, while "switching and routing apparatus" would be put into a new sub-category. Neither of these sub-categories were granted exemptions from the tariffs."Although we have not had occasion to issue rulings on the scope of a provision for 'switching and routing apparatus,' we agree that as a general matter, modems, routers, and networking equipment will be subject to the remedy," a Customs and Border Protection spokesperson said late on Friday, referring to the 10 percent tariff.It was not clear how much of the $23 billion in Chinese imports within the catch-all category could escape tariffs, but a Reuters review of industry data suggests the share could be small.U.S. Census Bureau data has not yet captured the volume of annual imports from China — or any country — of the goods that will be exempt.But the Consumer Technology Association estimates that the U.S. market for fitness trackers, smart watches, smart speakers and wireless earbuds and headphones was $8.2 billion in 2017, with forecast sales of $11.6 billion for 2019.Even if China produced a majority of those goods, exemptions would only apply to a fraction of the $23 billion category.CTA has forecast direct sales of modems and routers to consumers at $2.3 billion for 2019, up from $2 billion in 2017, excluding the products supplied directly by cable and broadband internet providers and equipment used in data centers and other infrastructure outside the home.But the group argues that consumers will bear the costs of the tariffs, even if their service provider buys the modems."Overall, access to the internet will get more expensive, mobile plans will get more expensive, and connected devices that go to your smart phones will get more expensive because everything speaks to each other," said Izzy Santa, director of strategic communications for CTA.This article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,Economy,Taxes,Technology
WMT	9/24/2018 5:24:59 PM	NULL	NULL	Noteworthy Monday Option Activity: EW, GE, WMT	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/noteworthy-monday-option-activity-ew-ge-wmt-cm1027164	Shutterstock photoLooking atoptions tradingactivity among components of the SP 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Edwards Lifesciences Corp (Symbol: EW), where a total volume of 5,882 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 588,200 underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 52.7% of EW's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.1 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the$165 strike call option expiring November 16, 2018, with 558 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 55,800 underlying shares of EW. Below is a chart showing EW's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $165 strike highlighted in orange:General Electric Co (Symbol: GE) saw options trading volume of 269,122 contracts, representing approximately 26.9 million underlying shares or approximately 50.8% of GE's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 53.0 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the$14 strike call option expiring March 15, 2019, with 56,873 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 5.7 million underlying shares of GE. Below is a chart showing GE's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $14 strike highlighted in orange:And Walmart Inc (Symbol: WMT) options are showing a volume of 32,140 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 3.2 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 44.3% of WMT's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 7.2 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the$97 strike call option expiring September 28, 2018, with 2,467 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 246,700 underlying shares of WMT. Below is a chart showing WMT's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $97 strike highlighted in orange:For the various different available expirations forEW options,GE options, orWMT options, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.Today's Most Active CallPut Options of the   SP 500 »The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,OptionsReferenced Symbols:EW,GE,WMT
WMT	9/24/2018 3:46:15 PM	NULL	NULL	Agree To Purchase Walmart At $65, Earn 2.7% Using Options	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/agree-to-purchase-walmart-at-65-earn-27-using-options-cm1027111	Shutterstock photoInvestors eyeing a purchase of Walmart Inc (Symbol: WMT) shares, but cautious about paying the going market price of $95.26/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal. One interesting put contract in particular, is the January 2021 put at the $65 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of $1.75. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 2.7% return against the $65 commitment, or a 1.2% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this theYieldBoost).Selling a put does not give an investor access to WMT's upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. And the person on the other side of the contract would only benefit from exercising at the $65 strike if doing so produced a better outcome than selling at the going market price. (Do options carry counterparty risk? This and six other common options myths debunked). So unless Walmart Inc sees its shares fall 31.7% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $63.25 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the $1.75 from $65), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 1.2% annualized rate of return.Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Walmart Inc, and highlighting in green where the $65 strike is located relative to that history:The chart above, and the stock's historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the January 2021 put at the $65 strike for the 1.2% annualized rate of return represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Walmart Inc (considering the last 251 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $95.26) to be 25%. For other put options contract ideas at the various different available expirations, visit theWMT Stock Optionspage of StockOptionsChannel.com.In mid-afternoon trading on Monday, the put volume among SP 500 components was 1.41M contracts, with call volume at 1.80M, for a put:call ratio of 0.78 so far for the day, which is unusually high compared to the long-term median put:call ratio of .65. In other words, there are lots more put buyers out there inoptions tradingso far today than would normally be seen, as compared to call buyers.Find out which 15 call and put options traders are talking about today.Top YieldBoost Puts of the Dow »The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,OptionsReferenced Symbols:WMT
WMT	9/24/2018 2:07:56 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon Stock Could See New Highs Coming out of Its Latest Dip	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-stock-could-see-new-highs-coming-out-of-its-latest-dip-cm1027182	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsAmazon.Com(NASDAQ:AMZN) stock is on one of its periodic swoons. Shares that traded at nearly $2,050 at the start of September were being offered before trading opened Sept. 18 as low as $1,907. On the face of it, that seems cheap for Amazon stock.Traders snapped up those bargains early in the session, but they were still down over 5% on the month.The question becomes, is this a buying opportunity? Yes, Amazon stock is the most beautiful of all, with a glorious chart, and I've made a lot of money on it over the last five years. But it's also in the political crosshairs, hated by Trump, tariffed by China, and withEuropean regulators demanding Amazon produce 30%of the movies it shows in Europe in Europe.I wrote back in July that Amazon was a bubble stockwaiting to popbut it's been one before. Back in 1999, before its cloud was a gleam in Jeff Bezos' eye, the shares sold for $295. It took 10 years for the company to get back there.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsTime to Sell?Traders take every fall in Amazon stock as a reason to buy it. It's easy to see why. Analysts expect it to earn $17.77 per share this year, $59.06 per share in 2021, with revenue of $234 billion this year andover $285 billion next year.But those estimates, like all estimates, are based on trends remaining what they are. Amazon is now facing some of the same problems asWalmart(NYSE:WMT), low-level employees bitter about theirpay and working conditions, high-level employeesthinking they can steal from itwith impunity.Amazon is also due to become a big target in the trade war, with China's government retaliating against tariffs by restricting sales to it.Like theApple(NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone, Amazon's Echo speakers are made byFoxconn(OTCMKTS:HNHPF) using a factory in Hengyang, China. So are its Kindle e-book readers.These products are key to Amazon's continued growth, because they bring the company's products and services within easy reach of consumers. JonesTrading chief market strategist Michael O'Rourke, in Greenwich, Connecticut, recently sent a note to clients warning that China's retaliation for the present tariffs could result in"scorched earth" economic warfare.Time to Buy Amazon Stock?In areas that are under its control, Amazon continues to hit on all cylinders.It is ready for political battle, not just because founder Jeff Bezos ownsThe Washington Post, but because it continues to need facilities outside its Seattle headquarters, starting with HQ2, now widely expected to go to the Washington D.C. area.Amazon Prime Video won five Emmy awards this year and bundling video with Prime shipping means Amazon has the biggest audience in the U.S. streaming market. (Sorry,Netflix(NASDAQ:NFLX)Even the stupid idea from aCitigroup(NYSE:C) analyst that Amazon be broken up,the Web Services unit spun out into a separate company, was seen as bullish for the stock. The idea is stupid because AWS was built on the cash flow of the rest of the business.The Bottom LineWhether you want to buy Amazon here depends on your time horizon.Over the next month or so, Amazon is a buy on technical grounds, probably headed to new highs. Over a longer-term, five to ten years, Amazon is also a buy, one of the best-run companies in America, perhaps the world.The trade war, and the likelihood of a market crash as the Federal Reserve continues to hike short-term interest rates, oil remains volatile, and political vulnerability remains acute, could make for some rocky times. There is a lot of irrational exuberance in the stock market right now, and Amazon stock is at the center of it.Dana Blankenhornis a financial and technology journalist. He is the author of a new mystery thriller,The Reluctant Detective Finds Her Family, available now at the Amazon Kindle store. Write him atdanablankenhorn@gmail.comor follow him on Twitter at@danablankenhorn. As of this writing he owned shares in AMZN.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postAmazon Stock Could See New Highs Coming out of Its Latest Dipappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,WMT,AAPL,HNHPF,NFLX
WMT	9/24/2018 1:27:33 PM	NULL	NULL	Walmart Stock Is Strong Enough to Withstand an Increased Tariff Hit	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/walmart-stock-is-strong-enough-to-withstand-an-increased-tariff-hit-cm1027184	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsRetail giantWalmart(NYSE:WMT) isn't too happy about the Trump administration enacting tariffs on Chinese imports and potential buyers of Walmart stock wonder how bad things could get.Walmart recently wrote a letter toU.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, in which the company detailed how expanded tariffs on Chinese imports would adversely impact the retailer, its customers, and the U.S. economy. The short of it: tariffs will force Walmart to raise prices, which could have a negative affect on consumers, consumer spending, and U.S. economic activity.If tariffs seem like a negative for Walmart stock, it's because they are. Tariffs mean either Walmart has to absorb higher costs and operate at lower margins, or they have to raise prices. Walmart has made it clear that they will raise prices. Walmart, whose biggest value props are all-in-one convenience and "Everyday Low Prices,"stands to lose a sizable amount of traffic if prices go up.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsThus, tariffs are a headwind for Walmart stock.But, these tariffs aren't that wide-sweeping yet. And, on the positive side, the U.S. economy is doing really well right now, with consumer strength and confidence at nearly two-decade highs. That strength and that confidence provide strong tailwinds for Walmart. Importantly, those tailwinds are wide-sweeping today.Overall, then, I think Walmart stock is a buy here because consumer strength tailwinds will inevitably offset tariff headwinds in the near-term. The result should be strong holiday sales for Walmart, and strong holiday sales should power a big end-of-year rally.Consumer Tailwinds Will Offset Tariff HeadwindsThe narrative at Walmart is pretty good right now.This is a retailer that was being left in the dust byAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN). Essentially, Amazon was beating Walmart at its own game, maximizing convenience and minimizing price.But, Walmart didn't sit idly by while Amazon took over retail. Instead, Walmart has invested big into growing its ecommerce business, expanding omni-channel capabilities, expanding product assortment, and improving the shopping experience.Those big investments have paid off. Now, Walmart is reporting its best comparable sales growth numbers in over a decade.Positive momentum in this narrative is threatened by tariffs. But, at this point in time, such fears seem overstated.Tariffs aren't that wide sweeping yet. While the recent $200 billion in tariffs does affect some core Walmart products like shampoo, handbags, backpacks, calculators, vacuum cleaners, and bicycles, the total impact is still rather small.Of Walmart's $500 billion in sales, it is estimated that$50 billion is tied to Chinese imports. And, not all Chinese imports have been hit with tariffs. Thus, the percentage of products on which Walmart will have to raise prices is far less than 10%. Indeed, that number is likely closer to 5% or lower.That is a small number of items.Meanwhile, the U.S. economy is growing at its best rate in years, and consumer strength and confidence are at essentially two-decade highs. Those are wide-sweeping tailwinds. Almost every U.S. consumer is feeling the benefit of this pick-up in economic activity.As such, it seems obvious to me that this holiday season still be big, regardless of tariffs.Walmart Stock Could Push Through $100Based on the notion that Walmart is back-on-track to maintain its brick-and-mortar retail dominance, and that the company will continue to gain share in the rapidly growing e-commerce market, I have long maintained the view thatWalmart stock is worth around $100 today.By the end of the year, I expect sentiment in Walmart to improve. Right now, tariff headwinds are weighing on the stock. The market has largely forgotten about last quarter's record numbers (the stock is 3% off post-earnings highs).This is a near-term phenomena. As we inch closer towards the holiday season, investor focus will shift from tariffs to holiday sales. If early reads on the holiday season are strong (as I expect them to be), then sentiment on WMT stock will improve.When sentiment on Walmart is strong, this stock tends to trade above fair value. See holiday 2017, when it jumped from $80 in September 2017 to $110 by January 2018.We could get a similar rally here. I wouldn't be surprised to see WMT re-test those January 2018 highs over the next several months given a favorable consumer backdrop heading into the holiday season. As such, I reasonably see another 15% upside over the next few months.Bottom Line on Walmart StockI'm not a huge fan of Walmart stock. The fundamentals are improving, and the stock seems slightly undervalued. That is a good, but not great, combination.The bull thesis on WMT, however, is predicated on the idea that holiday 2018 will be one for the record books, and that such a strong holiday season will temporarily suppress tariff-related fears and send the stock way higher. As such, I think you buy Walmart here for a big end-of-year rally.As of this writing, Luke Lango was long WMT and AMZN.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postWalmart Stock Is Strong Enough to Withstand an Increased Tariff Hitappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:WMT,AMZN
WMT	9/24/2018 1:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	HAS or MAT: Which Toymaker Has Better Chances of Survival?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/has-or-mat-which-toymaker-has-better-chances-of-survival-cm1026893	Shutterstock photoThe U.S. toy industry has been struggling with soft consumer demand and declining sales lately. Increasing demand for alternative modes of entertainment - including video games, MP3 players, tablets and smartphones - is marring profitability for traditional toymakers. Notably, demand for toys, previously preferred by kids aged three to nine years, has narrowed down to three to six years due to growing digital accessibility.Subsequently, the United States' largest independent toy seller - Toys "R" Us - could not keep up with fast-changing customer preferences. It failed to compete with retail giants like AmazonAMZNand WalmartWMTon price and shopping convenience. The company was burdened with $5-billion debt.All these factors led the toy seller to file for bankruptcy last year. Further, to add the final nail in the coffin, Toys "R" US started liquidating its U.S. operations (735 Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us stores) from March 2018.Mattel, Inc.MATandHasbro, Inc.HASare much affected by the industry setback as a considerable portion of their revenues were generated from sales to Toys "R" Us. With both the company carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), let us find out which is more affected and which still holds a chance to thrive.You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.Can Mattel Recover?Mattel has been slightly slow to react to deteriorating sales of its flagship product, Barbie. It has hardly taken any measure to reduce reliance on the U.S. sales. Mattel witnessed appointments of multiple CEOs in recent years, and lost Disney Princess and Frozen lines to Hasbro. Moreover, Toys "R" Us used to take care of roughly 15-20% of Mattel's domestic sales, which needs to be revived by the company.Subsequently, the Zacks Consensus Estimate predicts loss of 95 cents per share for the current year, while sales are estimated to fall 3.9% year over year. Mattel's net profit margin in the trailing 12 months is a negative 30.4% as compared with the industry's 5.6%. Moreover, a negative return on equity (ROE) of 56.6% compares unfavorably with the industry's 14.6%.Mattel's suspension of its quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share, starting in the fourth quarter of 2017, did not go down well with investors. A look at Mattel's price trend revealed that the stock had an unimpressive run on the bourses in the past three months. Shares of the company have lost 4.7% against theindustry's collective increase of 0.1% during the same time frame.Although Mattel is trying to focus on product innovation and fortify its digital capabilities, with better execution of marketing and promotional initiatives, we need wait and see if the company can do better in the near term.Does Hasbro Stand to Thrive?Hasbro has been one of the early movers to gauge impacts of Toys "R" Us bankruptcy and subsequently has been trying to curb its dependence on the retailer. It has been focusing on varied product launches, partnerships and major theatrical releases to drive incremental sales. Shares of the company have also gained 18.1% over the past three months, outperforming the industry's rally.However, despite testing waters with new distribution methods, development of digital-play components and exploration of ventures with other industries, Hasbro is still facing headwinds from Toys "R" Us liquidation. The consensus estimate predicts Hasbro's sales to fall 4.8% year over year for the current quarter. However, earnings are predicted to be $4.75 for the current year.Meanwhile, Hasbro reinvests efficiently than peers as is reflected by its ROE of 35.3%. Net profit margin in the trailing 12 months is 4.2%. Hasbro also has a dividend yield of 2.4%.Summing UpSince Hasbro has been cautious of implications from Toys "R" US liquidation, it has crafted varied counter strategies to come out unscathed. The company is a clear winner, in terms of share price movement, profit margin, ROE and estimated earnings for the current year.On the other hand, Mattel is already in troubled waters and only a well-planned move could shore up the company's flagging fortune.Please take a look at the following table to compare these two toy makers.Source:https://www.zacks.comThe Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportWalmart Inc. (WMT): Free Stock Analysis ReportHasbro, Inc. (HAS): Free Stock Analysis ReportMattel, Inc. (MAT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,WMT,HAS,MAT
WMT	9/24/2018 11:35:48 AM	NULL	NULL	A Free Holiday Gift in Walmart Stock	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-free-holiday-gift-in-walmart-stock-cm1027188	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsWal-Mart(NYSE:WMT) shares have been on technical layaway in recent weeks. But in our estimation, that should prove to be a nice pre-holiday gift for a free bullish options combination spread on WMT stock. Let me explain.Since reporting a solid and very-well-received earnings report in mid-August, there's been some returning of merchandise by Wall Street. WMT stock is off about 2.7% from its post-reaction close. But that's actually not anything to be overly concerned about. Nor is thedoom and gloom from today's headlineswarning of the impact of tariffs on consumers and businesses or maybe howAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) is going to crush the competition this holiday season.Bottom line (or in this instance, the squiggly price line), WMT shares have remained more than 6% above their pre-earnings price without ever coming close to filling the price gap and testing Walmart bulls' intestinal fortitude. That's bullish, plain and simple.As such, it's our contention the price action in WMT stock has been akin to layaway buying by smart-money operators in front of the all-important retail selling season for the company and a breakout buying season for WMT investors.WMT Stock Weekly ChartTechnically, Walmart has been busy making all the right moves over the past several weeks with higher prices increasingly likely to follow. As discussed back in mid-August WMT stock did hold the 50% level of its cup-shaped corrective base. I'll take a pat on the back for that technical call.The 8 Best Cash Cow Stocks to Buy for Stable ReturnsWhat I didn't expect was the bullish support in Walmart shares would take on the shape of a small "W" or handle consolidation. It's a pattern hinted at above that I'll describe as supportive, but stealthy, layaway buying in front of other investors picking up shares more aggressively during a breakout phase in WMT.WMT Stock Bullish Spread CombinationWMT's price action of the last several weeks, while certainly constructive, did put the kibosh ona bullish September-dated spreadwhich cost about 0.5% out-of-pocket.Reviewing WMT stock's options board for fresh ideas, I do see a gift for bulls in front of the Christmas holiday. Today's combination enjoys an earnings catalyst - an anticipated strong retail selling season for Walmart - and won't cost bullish investors a cent to enter.The strategy involves selling the Dec $95/$92.50 put spread and buying the Dec $105 call for even money or better. The put vertical finances the entire price of the long call. I like this position for a couple reasons.First, while the put spread's risk isn't far removed from WMT stock's current price of $95.90, the exposure is less than 3% of owning shares and is mostly below what's viewed as a sturdy technical platform.Secondly and as mentioned, the "free" call does enjoy a couple strong events during its life cycle. Further, the $105 call strike is placed below a cup-shaped pattern breakout through the high near $108 and would already be worth $3.00 or more in profit if a technical challenge took place prior to December expiration.Lastly, bullish traders can always look to adjust the position as the price action in WMT stock unfolds. If shares fail to hold support, risk is limited but exiting for a potentially much smaller loss can't be faulted. On the other hand, if Walmart puts a smiley face on other Walmart investors, there'll be plenty of options, pardon the pun, for this bull to profitably adjust with as well.Investment accounts under Christopher Tyler's management do not currently own positions in any securities mentioned in this article. The information offered is based upon Christopher Tyler's observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual.For additional market insights and related musings, follow Chris on Twitter@Options_CATandStockTwits.More From InvestorPlace20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal8 Long-Term Investments to Give Your Grandchildren5 Red-Hot Machine-Learning Stocks to Buy5 Great REITs to Buy as Inflation SurgesCompare BrokersThe postA Free Holiday Gift in Walmart Stockappeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:WMT,AMZN
UNH	9/24/2018 6:00:00 PM	NULL	NULL	UnitedHealth warns hospitals about Envision ER contracts	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/unitedhealth-warns-hospitals-about-envision-er-contracts-20180924-01162	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Caroline HumerNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group Inc  will treat emergency room and other hospital services performed by Envision Healthcare  as out-of-network claims beginning next year after failing to reach a new contract agreement with the staffing company, UnitedHealth said on Monday.The health insurer sent a letter seen by Reuters to 300 hospitals informing them of the decision on Friday.Envision spokeswomen Kim Warth, in an emailed statement, said the company has been negotiating in good faith with UnitedHealth, which is making "egregious demands" for price cuts "that will force all of our physicians out of network."The letters contain data for one group in one market, not for overall markets, she said, describing the information sent to hospitals as misleading.UnitedHealth first said it was considering terminating its contract with Envision in April.Envision also sued UnitedHealth earlier this year, saying it was not paying its bills. That ended up in court-ordered arbitration, which is ongoing.Envision has agreed to be bought by KKRCo  for more than $5.5 billion in a deal expected to close in the fourth quarter.UnitedHealth said in the letter that Envision is asking for payment rates that are nearly 600 percent of the rates in the Medicare program for seniors and the disabled and twice the average amount paid for ER physicians according to the National Bureau of Economic Research.Envision said its goal is to have in-network relationships with partner insurers "so that patients don't have to worry about surprise bills caused by surprise gaps in coverage."This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:EVHC,
FB	9/24/2018 11:26:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Nike (NKE) Stock Sinks 1.5% Ahead of Q1 Earnings: What to Watch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/nike-nke-stock-sinks-15-ahead-of-q1-earnings-what-to-watch-cm1027364	Shutterstock photoShares of NikeNKEslipped 1.5% during regular trading hours Monday just one day before the company is scheduled to release its fiscal Q1 financial results. The decline goes against Nike's impressive 2018 run, so let's see what to expect from Nike after the closing bell Tuesday.Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year, with its roughly 35% surge outpacing AppleAAPLand MicrosoftMSFT. Much of the recent momentum stems from the sportswear giant's strong fourth quarter performance that saw it return to growth in North America and expand it Greater Chine. Nike, like other retailers, has made a significant direct-to-consumer push through its own apps, along with partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Nike's growth in Europe and China outpaced rival Adidas'ADDYYexpansion in those two vital markets last quarter. The company is still the largest sportswear company in the U.S. and will continue to sponsor both the NFL and the NBA. The Oregon-based firm's growth in athleisure has also helped it compete against LululemonLULUand GapGPS.OutlookMoving on, our current Zacks Consensus Estimate is calling for Nike's Q1 revenues to jump by 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion. The sportswear powerhouse is also expected to see its North American revenues pop by roughly 3% hit $4.047 billion, based on our current NFM estimates.Meanwhile, Nike's adjusted quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. But, we still need to know how likely it is that Nike tops our quarterly earnings estimate.Luckily, we can turn to our exclusive Earnings ESP figure to help us find out. Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) compares the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the quarter. The Most Accurate Estimate is a version of the Zacks Consensus whose definition is related to change.This is done because, generally speaking, when an analyst posts an estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.A positive Earnings ESP paired with a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better ranking helps us feel confident about the potential for an earnings beat. In fact, our 10-year backtest has revealed that this methodology has accurately produced a positive surprise 70% of the time.Nike currently sports an earnings ESP of -0.22% and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Therefore, our model is inconclusive. However, Nike has topped our quarterly earnings estimates for almost five straight years. Investors should note that NKE stock will likely trade based on its e-commerce and North American performance in the short-term.Nike is scheduled to report its quarterly financial results after the close of regular trading on Tuesday, September 25.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:JD,AMZN,FB,AAPL,MSFT
FB	9/24/2018 10:53:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Instagram Co-Founders Reportedly To Step Down	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-cofounders-reportedly-to-step-down-20180924-01244	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, the co-founders of the photo-sharing app Instagram, have resigned and plan to leave the company in the coming weeks, the New York Times reported citing people familiar with the matter. The exits add to the challenges facing Instagram's parent company,Facebook(FB).Systrom, Instagram's chief executive, and Mr. Krieger, the chief technical officer, notified Instagram's leadership team and Facebook on Monday of their decision to leave, the report said.Systrom and Mr. Krieger did not give a reason for their departure, according to the report, but said they planned to take time off after leaving Instagram. Mr. Systrom and Mr. Krieger have known each other since 2010, when they met and transformed a software project built by Mr. Systrom into what eventually became Instagram, which now has more than one billion users.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937692/instagram-co-founders-reportedly-to-step-down.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/24/2018 10:25:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Instagram says CEO Systrom, CTO Krieger resign	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-says-ceo-systrom-cto-krieger-resign-20180924-01255	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Paresh DaveSept 24 (Reuters) - Co-founders ofFacebookInc's  Instagram, Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, have resigned as chief executive officer and chief technical officer, respectively, the photo-sharing app company announced late on Monday.Systrom and Krieger did not specify a reason for their departure. Systrom wrote in a blog post on Monday that they plan to take some time off and explore "our curiosity and creativity again".They notified the photo-sharing app's leadership team and Facebook on Monday about their decision to leave, according to Instagram. The New York Times first reported the move.A spokeswoman for Facebook deferred comment to Instagram.Instagram, which Facebook bought in 2012 for $1 billion, has more than 1 billion active monthly users and has grown by adding features like messaging and short videos. In 2016, it added the ability to post slideshows that disappear in 24 hours, a copy of Snapchat's popular "stories" feature.Instagram is its parent's fastest-growing slice of revenue, but it touts 4 million fewer monthly advertisers globally. As Instagram has shown more ads, the average price per ad across Facebook's entire family of apps has declined earlier this year after a year of upswing. A new privacy law in Europe also has affected prices.The departure of Instagram co-founders comes months after the exit of Jan Koum, co-founder of WhatsApp, another Facebook unit.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/24/2018 10:13:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Instagram co-founders step down from company - NYT	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/instagram-cofounders-step-down-from-company--nyt-20180924-01235	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Instagram says CEO Systrom, CTO Krieger resignBy Paresh DaveSept 24 (Reuters) - Co-founders ofFacebookInc's  Instagram, Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, have resigned as chief executive officer and chief technical officer, respectively, the photo-sharing app company announced late on Monday.Systrom and Krieger did not specify a reason for their departure. Systrom wrote in a blog post on Monday that they plan to take some time off and explore "our curiosity and creativity again".They notified the photo-sharing app's leadership team and Facebook on Monday about their decision to leave, according to Instagram. The New York Times first reported the move.A spokeswoman for Facebook deferred comment to Instagram.Instagram, which Facebook bought in 2012 for $1 billion, has more than 1 billion active monthly users and has grown by adding features like messaging and short videos. In 2016, it added the ability to post slideshows that disappear in 24 hours, a copy of Snapchat's popular "stories" feature.Instagram is its parent's fastest-growing slice of revenue, but it touts 4 million fewer monthly advertisers globally. As Instagram has shown more ads, the average price per ad across Facebook's entire family of apps has declined earlier this year after a year of upswing. A new privacy law in Europe also has affected prices.The departure of Instagram co-founders comes months after the exit of Jan Koum, co-founder of WhatsApp, another Facebook unit.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/24/2018 9:26:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Facebook Reportedly Rolls Out Dating Feature in Colombia	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-reportedly-rolls-out-dating-feature-in-colombia-cm1027351	Shutterstock photoFacebookFBhas reportedly launched Facebook Dating in Colombia. Notably, the feature, which is free, will be part of its mobile platform only.The social media giant had first announced the feature at its annual F8 conference in May this year. The company unveiled an opt-in feature for Facebook users that will pair them up with potential dating partners based on existing profile information and also allow them to build a separate dating profile that will not be visible to their other friends.In an effort to be different from Match Group'sMTCHTinder, Facebook is trying to project its dating feature for people seeking serious long-term relationships.Notably, online dating is catching up very fast in South America and this is probably why Facebook has rolled out the service in Colombia. With the company's 30 million monthly active users (MAUs), the feature is expected to be adopted very quicklyFacebook, Inc. Revenue (TTM)Facebook, Inc. Revenue (TTM)|Facebook, Inc. QuoteCan Facebook Stand Apart?Facebook is trying to cash in on the growing adoption of online   dating. The company, which generally allows third-party dating   websites to access users' data, will now use the data for its own   good.Facebook's user base of 2.2 billion share massive amount of data   on the platform. The company, using artificial intelligence (AI),   focuses on developing a customized feed for its users.Going a step ahead, Facebook will now use the same technology to   match its users' interest give dating recommendation. People who   share similar interest will be matched, excluding friends and   blocked connections.Additionally, Facebook allows users to set a maximum distance   limit of 100kms to find a match. Moreover, the company has taken   a few security measures to prevent any misuse of the platform.The social media giant, which has 200 million users categorized   as Single, is trying to help them connect with people sharing   similar interest. With this, the company will also increase the   time spent on the platform.Facebook, which is seeing a slowing user base growth rate, is   ramping up efforts to bring in new features to enhance engagement   levels.However, Facebook will go against established players like Match   while building its dating business.Stiff Competition from MatchMatch Group is considered to have pioneered the concept of online   dating, which is why it enjoys a first mover's advantage in this   market. Match.com, Tinder, PlentyOfFish, OkCupid and OurTime   (aimed at daters aged 50+) dominate the market across a wide   swath of demographics and dating expectations.Moreover, smaller Match Group brands target specific geographical   areas (Europe, Asia), plus racial, ethnic and religious groups   and even political affiliation.Match group has 7 million subscribers worldwide and 3 million of   them use Tinder - the most profitable segment of Match Groups   business for advertising. Notably, the company's average paid   subscribers increased 27% in the second quarter, driven primarily   by strength in both North America (up 4% year over year) and   international (up 14% year over year).Additional Concerns for FacebookFacebook along with TwitterTWTRand Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogle are under constant scrutiny over repeated failures to   secure the platform.Given Facebook's repeated failures to secure the platform, many   users may be reluctant to share more personal information than   they already have. This provides competitive leverage to Match in   the online dating market.Facebook currently carries a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell).Currently, Match has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)     stocks here.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020,   it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed   investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first   trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for   regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportMatch Group, Inc. (MTCH): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:MTCH,FB,GOOGL,TWTR
FB	9/24/2018 9:23:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Why Facebook (FB) Stock Jumped Monday	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-facebook-fb-stock-jumped-monday-cm1027353	Shutterstock photoShares of FacebookFBsurged Monday to close regular trading hours up 1.5% despite news that the social media giant is being sued for its treatment of content moderators who review some of the most horrific and "depraved images" posted on Facebook. This means that investors are excited about Facebook's latest advertising announcement and its new hire to help its expansion in India.LawsuitBig companies are sued a lot. But the lawsuit filed against Facebook on September 21 could end up sparking a larger public debate about some of the company's practices and the amount of violent and scary content posted on its platform every day. The lawsuit claims that Facebook's content moderators are "suffering from psychological trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder and are not being properly protected by the social media giant," according to a press release from Burns Charest LLP.Facebook's moderators reportedly have to watch and flag "videos, images and livestreamed broadcasts of child sexual abuse, rape, torture, bestiality, beheadings, suicide, and murder." The social media giant currently works with roughly 7,500 content moderators around the world after Mark Zuckerberg vowed in May 2017 to ramp up its content oversight team. "It is well-documented that repeated exposure to such images can have a profoundly negative effect on the viewer," Korey Nelson of Burns Charest LLP said a statement."Facebook is ignoring its duty to provide a safe workplace and instead creating a revolving door of contractors who are irreparably traumatized by what they witnessed on the job."The law firm hopes to gain class-action status for the lawsuit. And before investors simply write off this lawsuit as a joke it is worth reading many of the detailed accounts-such asThe Wall Street Journal's "The Worst Job in Technology: Staring at Human Depravity to Keep It Off Facebook" published in December 2017-that have been written about the content Facebook's contract employees have to look through.Video Ad PushNow let's move onto some of the positive news that helpedFacebook sharesclimb Monday. Facebook announced that it will launch its Ad Breaks in 21 new countries in an effort to ramp up monetization across Facebook Watch. The social media company said Ad Breaks will now be available in five new languages: French, German, Portuguese, Spanish, and Thai.Facebook added a slew of new European countries, including France and Germany, along with Latin and South American nations. The firm launched in August its new video ad services to content creators in the U.S., UK, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand.Ad breaks allow users that meet specific Facebook monetization eligibility standards to place mid-roll and pre-roll advertisements in their video content. Facebook also lets publishers and content creators add image ads directly below videos. "We are also introducing the ability for Pages to bulk upload large numbers of videos so they can easily build up their Facebook video presence and earn money for their qualifying back catalogue," Facebook Director of Product, News Feed and Media Monetization Maria Smith wrote in a blog post on Monday.The expansion of ad breaks comes as Facebook dives deeper into video in order to better compete with Alphabet'sGOOGLYouTube and other platforms. Last week, eMarketer released a report that said AmazonAMZNis set to become the third largest digital advertiser in the U.S. behind only Google and Facebook. Meanwhile, Facebook has actively added more live video content in order to compete against TwitterTWTRand other firms in the age of NetflixNFLX.IndiaIn other positive news, Facebook hired Ajit Mohan to run its operations in India as the social media company expands in one of the world's largest countries. Mohan previously ran Indian video streaming service Hotstar, a streaming platform owned by Twenty-First Century Fox'sFOXAStar India. "India is one of the largest and most strategically important countries for Facebook," Facebook's Vice-President of Business and Marketing Partnerships, David Fischer,saidin a statement."Ajit's depth of experience will help us to continue to have a positive impact in India across communities, organizations, businesses and with policy makers."Facebook's new hire comes as the company tries to push further into live sports. This includes therights to stream La Liga-Spanish soccer's top division-games in India and other South Asian countries over the next three seasons. Facebook hopes the deal that began this season helps attract viewers and advertisers in the country that has become its largest market, with 270 million users. In total, the social media giantboasts 348 millionusers in the Indian subcontinent.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:NFLX,AMZN,FB,GOOGL,TWTR
FB	9/24/2018 9:22:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Will Government's Antitrust Investigation Derail Tech Giants?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/will-governments-antitrust-investigation-derail-tech-giants-cm1027354	Shutterstock photoTech giantsFacebookFB,Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogleandTwitterTWTRare likely face antitrust probe by the U.S. Government. The White House is reportedly issuing a draft executive order, instructing a thorough investigation on the conduct of social media and internet companies, by federal antitrust and law enforcement officials.Even though the White House has claimed that the draft is not a part of the official policymaking process, a probe, if at all conducted, spells further trouble for social media and internet companies.The order does not come as a surprise as President Donald Trump expressed his dissatisfaction on the alleged online censorship of prominent conservatives by social media and internet giants in August this year. Similar accusations against tech companies by other Republican politicians are long documented.Continued Allegations Hurt Social Media PlayersTrump had hinted at investigating the practice of "shadow banning" on Twitter, a practice which reduces the visibility of certain people or political groups on the website. According to him, Twitter had been practicing this for a number of prominent conservatives.Moreover, in April, popular Youtubers and Democrats-turned-Republicans, Diamond and Silk, appealed to Trump to conduct a probe on Facebook and other social media platforms, claiming that their pro-Trump posts were deemed "unsafe to the community" by Facebook, which eventually led to their posts reaching significantly fewer followers.This string of continued allegations might have led to the order being drafted by the White House, which, according to an official, is still in its preliminary stages. It is yet to be reviewed by other government agencies before it can be sent to the President for his signature.Per a Pew Research Center survey, 72% of Americans and 85% of Republicans think that social media companies intentionally censor political viewpoints based on the companies' preference.Computer Algorithms to Blame?Content on Facebook and Google is displayed by computer programs using numerous algorithms, which sort out the most relevant and trending topic of discussion among users.Powered by these algorithms, most people on these platforms experience personalized results based on their searches, location and the like. Therefore, it could be difficult to prove biasness in the company's practices.Facebook, which stands its ground denying any misconduct, has agreed to answer critics by hiring former Republican Senator Jon Kyl, to internally investigate the issue.Earlier this month, executives from Twitter and Facebook testified before the Congress. On the same day, the Justice Department announced that the Attorney General would meet state attorneys general to discuss the issue of biased censorship.What This Means for the CompaniesFacebook, which currently carries a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) is under severe scrutiny for its repeated failures to secure the platform as well as its operations with user data, post the Cambridge Analytica scandal, which affected 87 million users.Recently, its executives testified before the Congress about the company's role in the proliferation of fake news and its efforts to stop the spread of misinformation on its platforms ahead of elections in Brazil and the mid-term election in the United States.Following this, Facebook announced it will restrain from physically sending its employees to promote the use of the platform for political campaigns. The latest antitrust probe, if conducted, will mean further trouble for Facebook, if proved guilty.On the other hand, Alphabet, currently carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), faces significant litigations all over the world as a result of its dominant position in search.Regulatory scrutiny continues to worsen with the competition commission issuing several statements of objections (which precedes judicial proceedings unless settled). The company has recently been hit with a record antitrust fine of €4.34 billion ($5 billion) for anticompetitive behavior in the EU.Also, it was fined about $2.8 billion last year by the EU for unfairly favoring of its own services. Another antitrust charge is certainly going to severely hurt its revenues.With a Zacks Rank #3, Twitter's slowing user base that doesn't paint a rosy picture for investors. Since the company is significantly dependent on advertising, a slowing user growth rate amid increasing competition for ad dollars from much larger players does not bode well for the stock. Getting embroiled in antitrust issues means further headwinds for the company.Stock to ConsiderA top-ranked stock in the broader Computer and Technology sector is Match Group, Inc.MTCH, carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), and a long-term earnings growth of 12.50%. You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportMatch Group, Inc. (MTCH): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB,MTCH,GOOGL,TWTR
FB	9/24/2018 7:19:00 PM	NULL	NULL	U.S. Justice Dept to discuss consumer protection at social media meeting	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-justice-dept-to-discuss-consumer-protection-at-social-media-meeting-20180924-01194	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}WASHINGTON, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department said on Monday it will hold a "listening session" with officials from more than a dozen states on Tuesday to discuss consumer protection and the technology industry, an agency official said.The meeting, first announced on Sept. 5, was called by Attorney General Jeff Sessions to discuss whether social media companies have intentionally stifled "the free exchange of ideas." It followed criticisms by President Donald Trump of social media outlets, alleging unfair treatment of conservatives.Sessions will meet with attorneys general or representatives from California, Louisiana, Missouri, Nebraska, and Texas, among others, said the official, who declined to be named.The companies have denied any bias.As of Monday, two people familiar with the planning said that they had not yet seen an agenda for the meeting. Last Friday, a person familiar with the discussions said the Justice Department was considering delaying the meeting.The Justice Department had previously said it had invited a bipartisan group of 24 state attorneys general to attend the Sept. 25 meeting.Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has said that he worries about suppression of conservative ideas on Facebook, Twitter and other social media.A spokeswoman for Attorney General Xavier Becerra from California, home to much of the tech industry, said that he looked forward to a "thoughtful" meeting.Representative Greg Walden, chair of the House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee, said in a hearing this month that Twitter had made "mistakes" that, he said, minimized Republicans' presence on its site, a practice conservatives have labeled "shadow banning."Twitter Chief Executive Jack Dorsey responded at the hearing that some platform's algorithms had been changed to fix the issue.Some of the state officials attending the meeting or sending representatives have also expressed concern about how Google uses consumer data.Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood filed a lawsuit against Google in January 2017, accusing the company of misusing data collected from public school students who use the company's software. That lawsuit is pending.Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley, meanwhile, opened an investigation in November 2017 into whether Google's data collection practices violate consumer protection laws. Hawley is also probing whether Google violated antitrust law by manipulating search results to favor its own products.Google said at the time of the probe being opened that it had "strong privacy protections in place for our users and continue to operate in a highly competitive and dynamic environment."This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/24/2018 7:07:57 PM	NULL	NULL	Is Visual Search Really a Huge Catalyst for Snap Stock?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/is-visual-search-really-a-huge-catalyst-for-snap-stock-cm1027383	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsNothing can go right for social media stocks these days. That is especially true forSnap(NYSE:SNAP). The teen-favorite social media app has had trouble growing its user base beyond its core demographic. Even within that core demographic, Snap has had trouble monetizing users with ads. When they do monetize users with ads, the users tend to hate it.Overall, it hasn't been a pretty showing for Snap or Snap stock. The company went public at $17 per share last year. Recently, Snap stock broke below $10. The pain didn't stop there. Now, Snap stock is rapidly closing in on $9.Is this a falling knife? Is Snap stock doomed to head lower thanks to user growth and monetization problems?I don't think so. The stock certainly looks like a falling knife right now. But the company has 200 million highly engaged users, and that in it of itself is extremely valuable. Granted, the company is having trouble monetizing those users. But, it is only a matter of time before Snap figures out monetization, and when that catalyst arrives and drives improved financials, Snap stock could soar.I think that catalyst is already here.15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat UpSnap just announced avisual shopping partnershipwithAmazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) wherein consumers can simply point the Snapchat camera at any object, press a button and when Amazon recognizes that product, it will surface a link allowing users to buy that product. Snap calls this new feature Visual Search, and its implications are potentially huge.Huge enough to be a game-changer for Snap stock.Visual Search Could Be Huge for Snap StockThere are two observations that underpin the idea that Snap's new Visual Search could be huge. Those observations are:Commerce follows consumer engagement.Fast is best in today's world.Commerce always follows consumer engagement. When consumer engagement was strong in the brick-and-mortar channel, companies pumped millions and billions of dollars into building out physical footprints to turn that engagement into commerce. Then, consumer engagement shifted to the digital channel. Retailers followed suit, and e-commerce was born. Then, consumer engagement shifted to the mobile channel. Retailers followed suit, and e-commerce was born.Thus, from a historical perspective, the trend is pretty clear. Commerce follows consumer engagement.Right now, consumer engagement is strongest in visual-heavy, mobile-first social media apps like Instagram. That is why Instagram is building out multiple shopping features, while Snap is rolling out Visual Search with Amazon. If history serves as any indication, these initiatives will be hugely successful because both of these apps have strong engagement.More importantly, fast is best in today's world. We live in an impulse era of instant gratification. Shopping on Instagram and/or Snapchat fits that era perfectly. Suppose you are scrolling through your Instagram or Snapchat feed, and see some product you like. Today's shoppers want to buy it immediately, and Instagram and Snapchat are allowing them do that.Snap is actually taking it one step further. Visual Search allows users to take pictures of things in the real-world, and have that immediately lead to a digital transaction. That action is perhaps the quintessence of fast shopping, and as such, should be a huge hit among internet shoppers worldwide.Snap Stock Looks CompellingVisual Search is a big step toward Snap becoming a digital marketplace. If the company can successfully execute on this transition, then Snap will have multiple avenues to monetize its user base. That means Snap won't be entirely reliant on ads to drive revenue, and consequently, won't have to run as many ads. Instead, they can balance ad revenue with marketplace revenue, and keep engagement high by keeping ad volume low.That is a winning strategy which should result in materially higher prices for Snap stock.Granted, it all hinges on the notion that Snap can transform into a digital marketplace. But, I think that current trends speak favorably for that transformation. Thus, as this stock continues to drop on broad digital advertising concerns, I think the risk-reward on Snap stock becomes more compelling. Upside is potentially enormous if this company dramatically improves ad monetization rates and/or builds out robust commerce capabilities.The 7 Best Companies with Large Stock BuybacksThe likelihood that either of those happens is high, and as such, the likelihood of Snap stock rising from here is high, too.Bottom Line on SNAP StockSnap isn't the nextFacebook(NASDAQ:FB). But, it is an extremely valuable digital ecosystem of 200 million deeply engaged users. So long as Snap can keep those users deeply engaged, Snap stock is undervalued below $10 considering its multiple monetization opportunities.As of this writing, Luke Lango was long SNAP, AMZN and FB.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postIs Visual Search Really a Huge Catalyst for Snap Stock?appeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:SNAP,AMZN,FB
FB	9/24/2018 6:56:00 PM	NULL	NULL	A Comprehensive Nike Q1 Earnings Preview, Plus Some Under Armour & Gap News	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-comprehensive-nike-q1-earnings-preview-plus-some-under-armour-gap-news-cm1027269	Shutterstock photoWelcome to the latest episode of the Full-Court Finance podcast from Zacks Investment Research where Associate Stock Strategist Ben Rains dives into what to expect from Nike'sNKEfiscal Q1 financial results. Rains then evaluates the latest announcements from GapGPSand Under ArmourUAAaimed to help them better compete in a changing retail environment.Three weeks removed from the start of the Colin Kaepernick saga, Nike looks poised to report strong quarterly earnings after the bell Tuesday. Shares of NKE opened lower Monday after hitting a new high Friday. In fact, Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year. Coming into Monday, Nike stock had climbed 36% since the start of 2018, which topped Apple'sAAPL29% and Microsoft'sMSFT33% surge.Nike faced a somewhat turbulent stretch not too long ago that saw the sportswear giant's North American sales growth decline for nearly a year. But Nike management did not waver from their assurance that the firm would return to growth in its largest market, which it did last quarter. This growth was spurred by a direct-to-consumer commitment, which includes a slew of Nike apps as well as partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Looking ahead, Nike is projected to see its Q1 revenues jump 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion, based on our current Zacks Consensus Estimate. Meanwhile, Nike's quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. Nike's geographical and specific business unit estimates look strong as well.The episode then shifts its focus to the larger sports apparel market beyond Nike and its biggest rival AdidasADDYY.GapGPSannounced late last week its new men's athleisure brand called Hill City. The new line comes as companies try to expand into men's athleisure as firms such as LululemonLULUcontinue to expand.Hill City will act as the counterpart to Gap's Athleta women's brand. The move also highlights the strength of the overall athleisure industry. Meanwhile, Under ArmourUAAsaid that it plans to cut 400 jobs globally as the sportswear firm continues to try to cut costs and streamline its business as it fails to gain traction in some key growth areas.As a reminder, if you feel that we missed something, or if you have any topic suggestions, shoot us an email at podcast@zacks.com. Make sure to check out all of our other audio content at zacks.com/podcasts, and remember to subscribe and leave us a rating on Apple Podcasts.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportUnder Armour, Inc. (UAA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:AMZN,JD,FB,AAPL,MSFT
FB	9/24/2018 5:31:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Merger Mania: Examining the Latest M&A News & Trends | Free Lunch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/merger-mania-examining-the-latest-ma-news-trends-free-lunch-cm1027157	Shutterstock photoOn today's episode of Free Lunch, Associate Stock Strategist Ryan McQueeney breaks down the latest mergeracquisition news involving Comcast and Sky, Pandora and Sirius XM, and Barrick Gold and Randgold Resources.He also highlights an interesting new marijuana play from biotech DNA expert Intrexon. Later, he discusses recent MA trends and data.Want more video content from Zacks? Subscribe toZacks Investment Newsnow!Free Lunch is the newest show from Zacks Investment Research. It is streamed live, four times per week, and features breaking news and analysis from Zacks strategists. Free Lunch is available on YouTube, Facebook Live, Twitter, Ustream, and more.It was a classic "Merger Monday" on Wall Street this morning, but before diving into that, Ryan put the spotlight on other important headlines. First, he touched on the breaking news out of Washington D.C. and the uncertainty facing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, ultimately suggesting that investors keep an eye on the story as it develops to see if Wall Street reacts in a certain way.The Free Lunch host also chatted about DNA-focused biotech firm IntrexonXON, which today announced that it had made meaningful progress in developing a low-cost microbial platform to produce cannabinoids for medical use. Shares of the company soared in morning trading Monday as investors clearly approved of its decision to explore cannabinoid development.But the big story for global investors Monday was the number of large-scale deals being made across multiple industries.First, ComcastCMCSAemerged as the winner in its bidding war with 21stCentury FoxFOXAfor majority control of British media giant Sky Communications. Comcast is apparently acquiring Sky for about $22.65 per share, bringing the deal's total above $40 billion.Sky and its 23 million subscribers clearly offer Comcast a strong foothold in Europe, but perhaps the more important factor here is how this will influence Disney'sDISpending deal to acquire many of Fox's existing assets. Fox currently holds a minority stake in Sky.Elsewhere, Sirius XMSIRItoday announced the purchase of internet radio pioneer PandoraP. The pairing makes sense as Sirius XM attempts to keep pace with a shift to online music and audio content, and the satellite radio company is getting Pandora at less than its IPO price of $16.Still, Pandora has been lapped by SpotifySPOTand AppleAAPLand it has struggled to generate profits in the seven years since it went public. Sirius is well off its all-time peaks of the early 2000s, but the company is near five-year highs and could be ready to evolve once again.Also in MA news today was the merger of mining rivals Barrick GoldABXand Randgold ResourcesGOLD. The fusion will take place via an all-stock swap which will see Barrick shareholders remain the majority owner of the new entity. The deal is worth more than $18 billion.Ryan recaps all of these new MA deals and provides viewers with the key facts. Later, he takes a step back and looks at broader trends in the MA market.Notably, Ryan explores how the top four tech startup buyers-Apple, FacebookFB, MicrosoftMSFT, and GoogleGOOGL-have spent their money after a record-breaking 2017 for this segment of the market.The host also highlights the telecom-media trend which has seen new fusions in the sector, evidenced by the mega-merger of ATTTand Time Warner.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportPandora Media, Inc. (P): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportATT Inc. (T): Free Stock Analysis ReportSirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI): Free Stock Analysis ReportComcast Corporation (CMCSA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportRandgold Resources Limited (GOLD): Free Stock Analysis ReportBarrick Gold Corporation (ABX): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA): Free Stock Analysis ReportIntrexon Corporation (XON): Free Stock Analysis ReportSpotify Technology SA (SPOT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:DIS,FB,P,GOOGL,T
FB	9/24/2018 4:00:00 PM	NULL	NULL	A Foolish Take: Amazon Becomes a Major Contender in Digital Advertising	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-foolish-take-amazon-becomes-a-major-contender-in-digital-advertising-cm1027113	Amazon(NASDAQ: AMZN) makes most of its money from its online   marketplace and its cloud services. However, the tech titan has   also been quietly growing an advertising business, which sells   display ads across its website and hardware devices like the   Kindle and Fire TV.A recenteMarketer studypredicts that Amazon's ad business will become the third-largest   online ad platform in the U.S. afterAlphabet(NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)subsidiary Google andFacebook(NASDAQ: FB) this year. The firm estimates that Amazon will   generate $4.6 billion in ad revenue in the U.S. in 2018 and claim   4.1% of the overall market.Data source: eMarketer. Chart by author.eMarketer expects Amazon's market share to reach 7% by 2020.   Meanwhile, Google and Facebook's combined market share in the   U.S. could drop from 57.7% this year to 55.9% by 2020.Advertisers will likely consider Amazon to be an attractive   alternative ad platform, since it can leverage its accumulated   shopper data to craft better targeted ads. Amazon's ads should   also face fewerprivacy concernsthan Google's and Facebook's, and advertisers wouldn't need to   worry about their ads being displayed alongsidecontroversial content.Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy     nowMotley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more     than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they     run,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the SP 500!*Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for     investors to buy right now.Click here to get access to the full       list!*Stock Advisorreturns as of Aug. 6, 2018.John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member     of The Motley Fool's board of directors.Leo Sunowns shares of Amazon and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares     of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares),     Amazon, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GOOGL,FB,GOOG
FB	9/24/2018 3:18:00 PM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St falls as U.S.-China tariffs kick in	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-falls-as-uschina-tariffs-kick-in-20180924-00970	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* Industrials slide on tariffs; energy gains withoil prices* Investors eye Fed, Trump administration intrigue* Indexes: Dow down 0.68 pct; SP down 0.35 pct; Nasdaq up0.08pct (Updates to close, adds commentary)By Sinéad CarewNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The SP 500 and the Dow closedlower on Monday after a new round of U.S.-China trade tariffskicked in, dampening last week's hopes for talks between the twocountries, and as investors awaited a widely expected interestrate hike by the Federal Reserve.Seven of the SP's 11 major sectors lost ground after U.S.tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect,along with Beijing's retaliatory duties. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1OF"Investors are starting to see the writing on the wall thatChina is starting to dig in its heels and so is the U.S," saidChris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at IndependentAdvisor Alliance, in Charlotte, North Carolina. "It's a generalrisk-off tone, a sense that people are becoming a little bitmore cautious."U.S. equities made strong gains last week as investors heldout hope that the United States and China would hold tradetalks. But with both sides now looking entrenched in theirpositions, Zaccarelli said he "wouldn't be surprised if we gaveup all our gains from last week."The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 181.45 points,or 0.68 percent, to 26,562.05, the SP 500 .SPX lost 10.3points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,919.37, and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 6.29 points, or 0.08 percent, to 7,993.25.The industrial sector .SPLRCI , which has borne the bruntof the protracted trade war, was one of the biggest drags on theSP with a 1.3 percent drop.Interest rate sensitive sectors such as consumer staples .SPLRCS , down 1.5 percent, and real estate .SPLRCREC , off1.9 percent, were under pressure ahead of the two-day Fedmeeting that begins on Tuesday and is widely expected to endwith a rate hike.The biggest percentage gainer among the SP sectors wasenergy .SPNY as oil prices rose to a four-year high, above $80a barrel, after Saudi Arabia and Russia ruled out any immediateincrease in production despite calls by U.S. President DonaldTrump for action to raise global supply. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1G6The technology sector .SPLRCT closed up 0.3 percent,lifted by a 1.4 percent gain in Apple IncAAPL.O , whoseproducts have been spared from the new tariffs on China.Other gainers included the new Communications Services index .SPLRCL , which ended its first session 0.2 percent higher.The biggest boost to the new index, which houses media and telecom stocks, wasFacebookIncFB.O , which closed up 1.5percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0HPPOLITICAL NOISEInvestors were rattled by reports in the late morning thatU.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would quit. Butindexes steadied after the White House announced a Thursdaymeeting between Trump and Rosenstein, who oversees the specialcounsel's probe into Russia's role in Trump's 2016election. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA0MQDeclining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a2.03-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.55-to-1 ratio favored decliners.The SP 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and three new lows;the Nasdaq Composite recorded 43 new highs and 53 new lows.About 6.96 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchangescompared with a 6.65 billion average for the last 20 sessions.   (Reporting by Sinead Carew; Additional reporting by ShreyashiSanyal in Bengaluru and Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; Editingby Nick Zieminski and Leslie Adler) ((sinead.carew@thomsonreuters.com; +1 (646) 223 6186; ReutersMessaging:sinead.carew.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
FB	9/24/2018 3:18:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Wall St falls as U.S.-China tariffs kick in	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-falls-as-uschina-tariffs-kick-in-20180924-00969	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Sinéad CarewNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The SP 500 and the Dow closed lower on Monday after a new round of U.S.-China trade tariffs kicked in, dampening last week's hopes for talks between the two countries, and as investors awaited a widely expected interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve.Seven of the SP's 11 major sectors lost ground after U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect, along with Beijing's retaliatory duties.U.S. equities made strong gains last week as investors held out hope that the United States and China would hold trade talks. But with both sides now looking entrenched in their positions, Zaccarelli said he "wouldn't be surprised if we gave up all our gains from last week."The Dow Jones Industrial Average  fell 181.45 points, or 0.68 percent, to 26,562.05, the SP 500  lost 10.3 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,919.37, and the Nasdaq Composite  added 6.29 points, or 0.08 percent, to 7,993.25.The industrial sector, which has borne the brunt of the protracted trade war, was one of the biggest drags on the SP with a 1.3 percent drop.Interest rate sensitive sectors such as consumer staples, down 1.5 percent, and real estate, off 1.9 percent, were under pressure ahead of the two-day Fed meeting that begins on Tuesday and is widely expected to end with a rate hike.The biggest percentage gainer among the SP sectors was energy  asoil pricesrose to a four-year high, above $80 a barrel, after Saudi Arabia and Russia ruled out any immediate increase in production despite calls by U.S. President Donald Trump for action to raise global supply.The technology sector  closed up 0.3 percent, lifted by a 1.4 percent gain in Apple Inc, whose products have been spared from the new tariffs on China.Other gainers included the new Communications Services index, which ended its first session 0.2 percent higher.The biggest boost to the new index, which houses media and  telecom stocks, wasFacebookInc, which closed up 1.5 percent.POLITICAL NOISEInvestors were rattled by reports in the late morning that U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein would quit. But indexes steadied after the White House announced a Thursday meeting between Trump and Rosenstein, who oversees the special counsel's probe into Russia's role in Trump's 2016 election.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.03-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.55-to-1 ratio favored decliners.The SP 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 43 new highs and 53 new lows.About 6.96 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with a 6.65 billion average for the last 20 sessions.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
FB	9/24/2018 2:33:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Stock Market News For Sep 24, 2018	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/stock-market-news-for-sep-24-2018-cm1026962	Shutterstock photoThe Dow recorded a second straight all-time high on Friday led by a rally in industrials. However, a slump in technology and internet-related stocks weighed on the Nasdaq. The SP 500 also closed lower on Friday, ahead of Monday's major sector reshuffle. That said, trading volumes increased to its highest level since Feb 9 in anticipation of the SP 500 sector change.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) gained 0.3%, to close at 26,743.50. The SP 500 declined 0.04% to close at 2,929.48. The Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 7,986.96, declining 0.5%. A total of 10.77 billion shares were traded on Friday, almost 64% higher than the last 20-session average of 6.57 billion shares. Advancers outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by a 1.04-to-1 ratio. On Nasdaq, a 1.21-to-1 ratio favored declining issues.How did the Benchmark Perform?The Dow added 86.52 points, after registering its first all-time high on Thursday since Jan 26. The rally was led by industrials, with shares of The Boeing CompanyBAgaining 1.3%. Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. increased 0.2%. The SP 500 gave up 1.27 points after rising as much as 0.4%. The SP 500 had posted its first all-time high on Thursday since late August.The tech heavy Nasdaq gave up 41.28 points, led by huge selloff in tech stocks. Shares all major tech companies took a hit. Shares of Apple, Inc.AAPLdeclined 1.1%. Shares of Amazon, Inc.AMZNand Alphabet, Inc.GOOGLfell 1.5% and 1.6%, respectively. The Nasdaq is 2% below its record levels. Amazon has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Industrials Help MarketsTrade war fears have been rattling markets for a while. On Sep 17, the Trump administration announced that it would impose 10% tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods, which would rise to 25% by year end. In retaliation, China said too announced 10% tariffs on 5,000 U.S. products worth $60 billion. However, 10% tariffs were seen as a relief compared to a harsher 25% tariffs, as feared by analysts.This somewhat helped markets since a rally in industrial stocks followed. Moreover, on Thursday, markets gained after strong economic data showed that jobless claims dropped to its lowest level since November 1969. Impressive economic data have been hinting at strong economic fundamentals. This seems to have somewhat overshadowed trade war fears and have been helping markets.Tech stocks SlumpTech stocks have been driving markets for a while. However, on Friday, tech stocks once again took a hit. Friday also saw trading volumes increase to its highest level since Feb 9, as investors braced for an SP 500 reshuffle. The reshuffle will see Facebook, Inc.FB, Netflix, Inc.NFLX, Twitter, Inc.TWTRand Google parent Alphabet, Inc.GOOGLmoving to the telecommunication services sector.The sector will now be renamed communication services from Sep 24. DisneyDISand CBS CorporationCBSwill also be added to the revamped sector. The reshuffle will see 21.4% loss in market capitalization for consumer discretionary stocks and a drop of 19.5% in value for tech stocks. This led to tech stocks declining on Friday, with FAANG stocks suffering the most.Weekly RoundupThe week started on a low, with markets opening lower, as trade war fears once again weighed on investors after the Trump administration announced that it would impose 10% tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods. However, the 10% tariffs were seen as better than a harsher 25% tariffs. This once again saw stocks rally on Tuesday. Moreover, strong economic data also helped markets.For the week, the Nasdaq declined 0.3%. The Dow gained 2.3%, registering its highest weekly percentage gain since July, while the SP 500 increased 0.9%. Both the SP 500 and Dow posted their second straight weekly gain.Stocks That Made HeadlinesAvon Announces Long-Term Financial TargetsGrowth StrategyShares ofAvon Products, Inc.AVProse after the company announced its long-term financial targets for 2021, backed by a new growth strategy.(Read More).The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportCBS Corporation (CBS): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTwitter, Inc. (TWTR): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Boeing Company (BA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportAvon Products, Inc. (AVP): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,US MarketsReferenced Symbols:CBS,DIS,NFLX,AMZN,FB
FB	9/24/2018 1:16:00 PM	NULL	NULL	How Will the S&P 500 Sector Reshuffle Impact Markets?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/how-will-the-sp-500-sector-reshuffle-impact-markets-cm1026900	Shutterstock photoThe much awaited sectoral reorganization of the Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") of SP Dow Jones Indices will become effective from Sep 24. In fact, this will mark Wall Street's largest broad-industry sectoral overhaul since 1999 and will result in readjustment of 23 stocks with market cap around $2.7 trillion. The SP 500's market cap will be impacted by about 10%.Major sectors which will be affected by this overhaul are information technology, consumer discretionary and old-economy telecommunications which is now being revived as communication services sector. The stock reshuffle is likely to have a ripple effect through the $4.4 trillion global exchange traded funds market along with other institutionally managed funds like mutual funds, hedge funds to name a few.Who is Moving Where?The newly formed communications sector will consist of traditional telecom operators, internet-based companies and media companies. Seven internet-based behemoths and 16 consumer discretionary stocks will enter this sector.Notable among them are Facebook Inc.FB, Alphabet Inc.GOOGL, Netflix Inc.NFLX, Comcast Inc.CMCSAand The Walt Disney Co.DIS. They will join existing players like Verizon, ATT and CenturyLink. However, eBay Inc.EBAYwill move to consumer discretionary from the tech sector. eBay carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.Per the index committee of SP Dow Jones Indices, rapid technological advancement is systematically redefining the parameters of these industries and as such these industries are converging. The sectoral overhaul will reflect consumer preference to utilize internet services, online digital platform and content under a single entity. According to the index committee, reshuffling of the SP 500 sectors will make them more pure-play in nature.How Will the Reclassification Affect SP 500 Sectors?The recent sectoral overhaul will increase communications services' weightage in the overall SP 500 index from a mere 1.9% to 10.2%. Meanwhile, the influence of tech sector and consumer discretionary sectors will come down from 25.6% to 20.1 and 12.7% to 10%, respectively.The old telecom sector was characterized as defensive and highly suitable for value investors due to its high dividend yield. However, the new communications services sector will be cyclical with high growth orientation and low dividend yield. Moreover, within this sector, stocks like Alphabet, Netflix and Facebook will carry more weight sidetracking Verizon and ATT.For the tech sector, Apple Inc.'sAAPLweightage will increase from 15.6% to 20%. Other beneficiary companies in this sector will be Microsoft, Intel, Cisco and Visa. The consumer discretionary sector will rotate around Amazon.com Inc.AMZNas its weight will go up from 27% to 34%. Other important stocks in this sector will be Home Depot and McDonald's Corp.Effect on Asset Managers and Individual InvestorsThere might not be any significant impact for fund managers tracking broad-market SP 500 index since there is no entry or elimination of any stock. However, there might be significant changes in portfolios of exchange traded funds (ETF) which passively track sector indexes and several other mutual funds focused on indexes of telecom, tech and consumer discretionary sectors. This could trigger a domino effect in stock markets.The FAANG stocks, prominently known as tech behemoths have provided a massive 34% average return in the last five years compared with 14.5% of the benchmark SP 500. These stocks will now be divided into three sectors.Moreover, reclassification will change these three sector's returns, P/E multiples, margins and fundamental growth potential. Accordingly, asset managers may need to reshuffle stocks worth billions of dollars to readjust their portfolios.Additionally, it was noticed that several asset managers handling quantitative hedge funds use sector ETFs to hedge their portfolio. Changes in sector ETFs will affect their positions as some sectors may become overweight while some may be downgraded to underweight.Individual investors also take into consideration market trends while taking their investment decisions. Generally, people buy stocks of growth industries in upswing and defensive ones in the bear market. The change in the SP 500 sectoral composition will also compel them to reconsider their investment decisions.The effect of SP 500's sectoral overhaul is evident from the fact that the newly introduced the Communication Services Select Sector SPDR (XLC) Fund, launched by the State Street witnessed trading worth of more than $215 million on Sep 20, an all-time record for the fund since it started in June.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportThe Walt Disney Company (DIS): Free Stock Analysis ReportNetflix, Inc. (NFLX): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReporteBay Inc. (EBAY): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportComcast Corporation (CMCSA): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:DIS,NFLX,AMZN,EBAY,FB
FB	9/24/2018 12:53:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Facebook not protecting content moderators from mental trauma	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-not-protecting-content-moderators-from-mental-trauma-20180924-00889	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Sept 24 (Reuters) - A formerFacebookcontract employee has lodged a suit against the company, alleging that content moderators who face mental trauma after reviewing distressing images on the platform are not being properly protected by the social networking giant.Facebook moderators under contract are "bombarded" with "thousands of videos, images and livestreamed broadcasts of child sexual abuse, rape, torture, bestiality, beheadings, suicide and murder," the lawsuit said."Facebook is ignoring its duty to provide a safe workplace and instead creating a revolving door of contractors who are irreparably traumatized by what they witnessed on the job," Korey Nelson, a lawyer for former Facebook contract employee Selena Scola, said in a statement on Monday.It did not respond to a request by Reuters for comment on Monday.Currently, more than 7,500 content reviewers work for Facebook, including full-time employees and contractors.The social network has faced regulatory scrutiny over not doing enough to prevent content like fake news and hate speech on its platform, and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has vowed to step up efforts to counter it through mass hirings and use of artificial intelligence.Nelson's firm is seeking class-action status for the lawsuit.Scola worked at Facebook's offices in Menlo Park and Mountain View, California, for nine months from June last year, under a contract through Pro Unlimited Inc, a Florida-based staffing company.The case is Scola v Facebook Inc and Pro Unlimited Inc, No. 18 CIV0513, filed in Superior Court of the State of California.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/24/2018 10:47:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall Street's S&P communication sector starts with slight gain	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-streets-sp-communication-sector-starts-with-slight-gain-20180924-01098	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Wall Street's SP communication sector starts with slight gainBy Caroline ValetkevitchNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The new SP 500 communication services sector, which includes such high-profile names asFacebookInc , Alphabet Inc  and Netflix Inc , made its debut on Monday with a small gain, after the largest-ever overhaul of Wall Street's broad business sectors.Under the shakeup of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), those stocks and others were moved out of the technology and consumer discretionary sectors into the new group - a bulked-up version of the former telecommunications sector."It's testament to the strength and transparency of U.S. equity markets that it was smooth as silk, that you can take all these stocks and reclassify them into a new sector and not disrupt trading," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee."It was like somebody repainted a bedroom overnight. It went from blue to purple with no disruption."The communication sector  ended the day up 0.2 percent, compared with a 0.4 percent drop for the broader SP 500.The biggest boosts to the index on Monday came from Facebook, up 1.5 percent; Netflix, up 2.3 percent; Walt Disney Co, up 2.1 percent; and Alphabet, up 0.6 percent.The biggest drag was Comcast Corp, which fell 6.0 percent after news it beat Rupert Murdoch'sTwenty-First Century Fox Inc  in the battle to buy Sky Plc  on Saturday.Twitter Inc, which also moved to the new communication sector, was up 0.4 percent, while Verizon Communications Inc  fell 1.6 percent, CenturyLink Inc  was down 0.2 percent and ATT Inc  gained 0.4 percent.SP Dow Jones Indices and MSCI had maintained the widely used industry classification system since 1999, and the reshuffling was meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved."It was a needed change... and it looks like the transition was fairly smooth for these companies," said J. Bryant Evans, investment advisor and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois.Apple Inc, which remained in the SP information technology index, rose 1.4 percent, while Amazon.com Inc, which stayed in the SP consumer discretionary index, climbed 1 percent.The Communication Services Select Sector SPDR Fund, which State Street Corp  launched in June to track the new sector, was flat on the day.Replacing the telecom sector - which was about 2 percent of the entire SP 500 - the communications index has a roughly 11 percent weighting under its new communication services tag.The weighting of the technology index, fell to about 20 percent, from 26 percent, while consumer discretionary  dropped to about 11 percent, from 13 percent.The communication services fund could continue to attract new money in coming weeks as investors seek access to stocks that dropped out of the other indexes, strategists said.At 18.7 times forward earnings estimates, the expanded communication services sector carries a higher valuation than the prior telecom sector, whose forward P/E was just 10.5 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.The reworked information technology sector carries a forward P/E of 18.4 times, based on the data. The tech sector's prior P/E was 19.5 times.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
FB	9/24/2018 10:47:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall Street's S&P communication sector starts with a whimper	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-streets-sp-communication-sector-starts-with-a-whimper-20180924-00767	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Wall Street's SP communication sector starts with slight gainBy Caroline ValetkevitchNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - The new SP 500 communication services sector, which includes such high-profile names asFacebookInc , Alphabet Inc  and Netflix Inc , made its debut on Monday with a small gain, after the largest-ever overhaul of Wall Street's broad business sectors.Under the shakeup of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), those stocks and others were moved out of the technology and consumer discretionary sectors into the new group - a bulked-up version of the former telecommunications sector."It's testament to the strength and transparency of U.S. equity markets that it was smooth as silk, that you can take all these stocks and reclassify them into a new sector and not disrupt trading," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee."It was like somebody repainted a bedroom overnight. It went from blue to purple with no disruption."The communication sector  ended the day up 0.2 percent, compared with a 0.4 percent drop for the broader SP 500.The biggest boosts to the index on Monday came from Facebook, up 1.5 percent; Netflix, up 2.3 percent; Walt Disney Co, up 2.1 percent; and Alphabet, up 0.6 percent.The biggest drag was Comcast Corp, which fell 6.0 percent after news it beat Rupert Murdoch'sTwenty-First Century Fox Inc  in the battle to buy Sky Plc  on Saturday.Twitter Inc, which also moved to the new communication sector, was up 0.4 percent, while Verizon Communications Inc  fell 1.6 percent, CenturyLink Inc  was down 0.2 percent and ATT Inc  gained 0.4 percent.SP Dow Jones Indices and MSCI had maintained the widely used industry classification system since 1999, and the reshuffling was meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved."It was a needed change... and it looks like the transition was fairly smooth for these companies," said J. Bryant Evans, investment advisor and portfolio manager at Cozad Asset Management, in Champaign, Illinois.Apple Inc, which remained in the SP information technology index, rose 1.4 percent, while Amazon.com Inc, which stayed in the SP consumer discretionary index, climbed 1 percent.The Communication Services Select Sector SPDR Fund, which State Street Corp  launched in June to track the new sector, was flat on the day.Replacing the telecom sector - which was about 2 percent of the entire SP 500 - the communications index has a roughly 11 percent weighting under its new communication services tag.The weighting of the technology index, fell to about 20 percent, from 26 percent, while consumer discretionary  dropped to about 11 percent, from 13 percent.The communication services fund could continue to attract new money in coming weeks as investors seek access to stocks that dropped out of the other indexes, strategists said.At 18.7 times forward earnings estimates, the expanded communication services sector carries a higher valuation than the prior telecom sector, whose forward P/E was just 10.5 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.The reworked information technology sector carries a forward P/E of 18.4 times, based on the data. The tech sector's prior P/E was 19.5 times.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
FB	9/24/2018 10:24:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall St lower as industrials, tech fall on trade woes	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-lower-as-industrials-tech-fall-on-trade-woes-20180924-00744	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes fell on Monday, with industrial and technology shares bearing the brunt of the latest round of U.S.-China tariffs as neither country showed signs of backing down from a protracted trade war.Nine of the 11 major SP sectors, including the rebranded and bigger "communications services" sector, were lower as U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect, along with Beijing's retaliatory duties.The technology sector  dropped 0.17 percent, weighing the most on the market. Industrial stocks  fell 1.09 percent, with Boeing, the biggest U.S. exporter to China, shedding 0.6 percent."One of the bigger risks with these tariffs going into effect is that the United States may be pushed out of the Chinese market and it is a growing market," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida.At 10:09 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average  was down 112.23 points, or 0.42 percent, at 26,631.27, the SP 500  was down 8.28 points, or 0.28 percent, at 2,921.39 and the Nasdaq Composite  was down 18.45 points, or 0.23 percent, at 7,968.51.The CBOE Global Markets volatility index, known as Wall Street's "fear gauge", rose 6.08 percent as the SP 500 sector shuffle took effect.The communications services index, an expanded version of the old telecoms sector, dropped 0.36 percent in its debut.Its new components,FacebookInc, Twitter  and Alphabet, were flat to lower on renewed fears of higher regulation after a report said the White House has drafted a preliminary order to direct federal agencies to probe the business practices of social media and internet firms.The biggest drag, though, was Comcast, which slid 8.0 percent after it won an auction for Sky Plc, ending a battle with Twenty-First Century Fox  and Walt Disney. Fox and Disney were up 0.6 percent and 2 percent, respectively.The energy sector  rose 1.77 percent, the most among the 11 major sectors, asoil pricesjumped after OPEC rebuffed calls by U.S. President Donald Trump to raise supply.Exxon Mobil  gained 2.1 percent and Chevron  1.2 percent, and, along with Disney, were the top three gainers on the Dow.Symantec  rose 4.4 percent after the Norton anti-virus maker said it would not restate previous results, except for a $13 million transaction, after a four-month long probe into its accounting practices.Alexion Pharma  jumped 3.8 percent after its drug, Soliris, being tested to treat a rare central nervous system disorder, met the main goal of the study.Declining issues outnumbered advancers for a 1.58-to-1 ratio on the NYSE and a 1.25-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 14 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 28 new highs and 17 new lows.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:ALXN,
FB	9/24/2018 10:24:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St lower as industrials, tech fall on trade woes	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-lower-as-industrials-tech-fall-on-trade-woes-20180924-00730	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* US-China tariffs take effect, hit trade-sensitive stocks* Technology and industrials hit; 9 of 11 sectors lower* Comcast slides after beating Fox in auction for Sky* Indexes: Dow 0.42 pct, SP 0.28 pct, Nasdaq 0.23 pct (Updates to open)By Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes fell on Monday, withindustrial and technology shares bearing the brunt of the latestround of U.S.-China tariffs as neither country showed signs ofbacking down from a protracted trade war.Nine of the 11 major SP sectors, including the rebrandedand bigger "communications services" sector, were lower as U.S.tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect,along with Beijing's retaliatory duties. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1OFThe latest list of Chinese goods subject to tariffs includesmany technology products. While the new duties spared manyhigh-profile consumer technology items such as "smart" watchesand speakers, less flashy home modems and routers were not solucky. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA032The technology sector .SPLRCT dropped 0.17 percent,weighing the most on the market. Industrial stocks .SPLRCI fell 1.09 percent, with BoeingBA.N , the biggest U.S. exporterto China, shedding 0.6 percent."One of the bigger risks with these tariffs going intoeffect is that the United States may be pushed out of theChinese market and it is a growing market," said Scott Brown,chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida.At 10:09 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI wasdown 112.23 points, or 0.42 percent, at 26,631.27, the SP 500 .SPX was down 8.28 points, or 0.28 percent, at 2,921.39 andthe Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 18.45 points, or 0.23percent, at 7,968.51.The CBOE Global Markets volatility index .VIX , known asWall Street's "fear gauge", rose 6.08 percent as the SP 500sector shuffle took effect.The communications services index .SPLRCL , an expandedversion of the old telecoms sector, dropped 0.36 percent in itsdebut.Its new components,FacebookIncFB.O , Twitter TWTR.N and Alphabet GOOGL.O , were flat to lower on renewed fears ofhigher regulation after a report said the White House hasdrafted a preliminary order to direct federal agencies to probethe business practices of social media and internet firms. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W8076The biggest drag, though, was ComcastCMCSA.O , which slid8.0 percent after it won an auction for Sky PlcSKYB.L , endinga battle with Twenty-First Century FoxFOXA.O and Walt DisneyDIS.N . Fox and Disney were up 0.6 percent and 2 percent,respectively. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WA1JSThe energy sector .SPNY rose 1.77 percent, the most amongthe 11 major sectors, asoil pricesjumped after OPEC rebuffedcalls by U.S. President Donald Trump to raise supply. O/RExxon MobilXOM.N gained 2.1 percent and ChevronCVX.N 1.2 percent, and, along with Disney, were the top three gainerson the Dow.SymantecSYMC.O rose 4.4 percent after the Nortonanti-virus maker said it would not restate previous results,except for a $13 million transaction, after a four-month longprobe into its accounting practices. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA3J5Alexion Pharma ALXN.O jumped 3.8 percent after its drug,Soliris, being tested to treat a rare central nervous systemdisorder, met the main goal of the study.Declining issues outnumbered advancers for a 1.58-to-1 ratioon the NYSE and a 1.25-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.The SP index recorded 14 new 52-week highs and two newlows, while the Nasdaq recorded 28 new highs and 17 new lows. (Reporting by Shreyashi Sanyal in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Shreyashi.Sanyal@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646 223 8780 ;Reuters Messaging:Shreyashi.Sanyal.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:ALXN,
FB	9/24/2018 10:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Facebook picks chief of Hotstar streaming service as India head	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-picks-chief-of-hotstar-streaming-service-as-india-head-20180924-00741	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Sankalp PhartiyalMUMBAI, Sept 24 (Reuters) -Facebookhas poached the head of Indian video streaming service Hotstar to take on the newly-created role of managing director of its Indian operations, as the social media giant faces pressure to tackle fake news and store more data locally.Ajit Mohan will take up the role of managing director and vice-president of Facebook India, the company's biggest market by number of users, from early next year, it said on Monday."Ajit's depth of experience will help us to continue to have a positive impact in India across communities, organizations, businesses and with policy makers."Mohan has served as chief executive of Hotstar, a streaming platform owned by Twenty-First Century Fox's  Star India arm, since April 2016, according to his LinkedIn profile.Mohan's move comes at a time Facebook is increasingly competing with video streaming services and TV channels for sports broadcasting rights.Facebook, which began expanding into sports streaming in 2017, has the rights to stream Spanish soccer's top division La Liga's games in the Indian subcontinent over the next three seasons.Mohan has overseen the streaming of Indian Premier League cricket on Hotstar, which set a new global benchmark with 8.26 million concurrent viewers logging onto the platform for the final of the league this year.He also takes over the top job at Facebook India at a turbulent time for the U.S. company.Facebook's WhatsApp messaging service has been under fire from the Indian government over several mob beatings and deaths triggered by false, incendiary messages circulated on it.That, according to local media reports, has caused delays in the official launch of Facebook's payments service in India.The company also plans to oppose new legislation in India that would require it to store user data in the country.Separately, WhatsApp is looking for an India head too.It last month appointed a grievance officer for Indian users based out of its headquarters in Menlo Park, California, like other global tech firms whose grievance officers sit outside of India.India has, however, said it will toughen up its tech laws including pushing U.S. tech giants to have their grievance officers in India.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:FB,
FB	9/24/2018 9:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower on trade woes; S&P sector reshuffle in focus	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stockswall-st-to-open-lower-on-trade-woes-sp-sector-reshuffle-in-focus-20180924-00648	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}US STOCKS-Wall St to open lower on trade woes; SP sector reshuffle in focus(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window)* U.S.-China tariffs go into effect* Trade-sensitive Boeing, Caterpillar drop premarket* SP sector reshuffle to take effect, may boost volumes* Futures down: Dow 0.10 pct, SP 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.42 pct (Adds comments, updates prices)By Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes were set to openlower on Monday as the latest round of U.S.-China tariffs tookeffect, with neither country showing signs of backing down froma protracted trade war.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher asthe SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecomssector reshaped into a "communications services" index toinclude heavy-hitting technology stocks such as Facebook IncFB.O , Twitter TWTR.N and Alphabet GOOGL.O . urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W61WTShares of the three companies were down between 0.7 and 1.2percent inpremarket trading, on renewed fears of higherregulation after a report that the White House has drafted apreliminary order to direct federal agencies to probe thebusiness practices of social media and internet firms. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W8076U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goodstook effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory dutieson $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressuredtrade-sensitive stocks. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1OF"One of the bigger risks with these tariffs going intoeffect is that the United States may be pushed out of theChinese market and it is a growing market," said Scott Brown,chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida."The markets were up pretty strong last week, keeping thatin mind and also the news about trade is enough to contribute tothe downward movement," Brown said.BoeingBA.N , the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped0.4 percent and CaterpillarCAT.N 0.5 percent, leading thelosers on the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI before thebell.The benchmark SP 500 .SPX and blue-chip Dow Industrialshave fared better than the Nasdaq .IXIC of late, as the latestlist of Chinese goods subject to tariffs now includes manytechnology products. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA032Network equipment makers CiscoCSCO.O and NetgearNTGR.O were down about 0.5 percent.At 8:52 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were down 27 points, or0.1 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were down 4.75 points, or0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were down 31.75points, or 0.42 percent.Exxon MobilXOM.N gained 0.5 percent, the most among theDow components, as did other energy companies asoil pricesjumped after OPEC rebuffed calls by President Donald Trump toraise supply. O/RComcastCMCSA.O fell 3.7 percent after it won an auctionfor Britain'sSky PlcSKYB.L , ending a battle withTwenty-First Century Fox FOXA.O and Walt DisneyDIS.N . Foxand Disney were flat. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WA1JSSymantecSYMC.O rose 5 percent after the Norton anti-virusmaker said it would not restate previous results, except for a$13 million transaction, after a four-month long probe into itsaccounting practices. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA3J5Pandora MediaP.N jumped 6.2 percent after satellite radioprovider Sirius XM HoldingsSIRI.O said it would buy the musicstreaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5billion. Sirius fell 3.4 percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA3BW (Reporting by Shreyashi Sanyal in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Shreyashi.Sanyal@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646 223 8780 ;Reuters Messaging:Shreyashi.Sanyal.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/24/2018 9:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Wall St to open lower on trade woes; S&P sector reshuffle in focus	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/wall-st-to-open-lower-on-trade-woes-sp-sector-reshuffle-in-focus-20180924-00647	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}Wall St to open lower on trade woes; SP sector reshuffle in focusBy Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock indexes were set to open lower on Monday as the latest round of U.S.-China tariffs took effect, with neither country showing signs of backing down from a protracted trade war.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher as the SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecoms sector reshaped into a "communications services" index to include heavy-hitting technology stocks such asFacebookInc, Twitter  and Alphabet.U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory duties on $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressured trade-sensitive stocks."One of the bigger risks with these tariffs going into effect is that the United States may be pushed out of the Chinese market and it is a growing market," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida."The markets were up pretty strong last week, keeping that in mind and also the news about trade is enough to contribute to the downward movement," Brown said.Boeing, the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped 0.4 percent and Caterpillar  0.5 percent, leading the losers on the Dow Jones Industrial Average  before the bell.The benchmark SP 500  and blue-chip Dow Industrials have fared better than the Nasdaq  of late, as the latest list of Chinese goods subject to tariffs now includes many technology products.Network equipment makers Cisco  and Netgear  were down about 0.5 percent.At 8:52 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were down 27 points, or 0.1 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were down 4.75 points, or 0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were down 31.75 points, or 0.42 percent.Exxon Mobil  gained 0.5 percent, the most among the Dow components, as did other energy companies asoil pricesjumped after OPEC rebuffed calls by President Donald Trump to raise supply.Comcast  fell 3.7 percent after it won an auction for Britain'sSky Plc, ending a battle with Twenty-First Century Fox  and Walt Disney. Fox and Disney were flat.Symantec  rose 5 percent after the Norton anti-virus maker said it would not restate previous results, except for a $13 million transaction, after a four-month long probe into its accounting practices.Pandora Media  jumped 6.2 percent after satellite radio provider Sirius XM Holdings  said it would buy the music streaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5 billion. Sirius fell 3.4 percent.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/24/2018 8:51:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Facebook names Indian streaming service Hotstar's CEO as its India head	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/facebook-names-indian-streaming-service-hotstars-ceo-as-its-india-head-20180924-00559	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}MUMBAI, Sept 24 (Reuters) -FacebookInc  has named Ajit Mohan into the newly created role of managing director of its Indian operations, the social media giant said on Monday.Mohan, who will join Facebook from Indian video streaming service Hotstar, will take up the role of managing director and vice-president of Facebook India from early next year, Facebook said in its statement.Mohan has served as Hotstar's chief executive since April, 2016, according to his LinkedIn profile.This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,StocksReferenced Symbols:FB
FB	9/24/2018 8:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Futures dip as trade worries resurface	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/futures-dip-as-trade-worries-resurface-20180924-00537	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures dropped on Monday as the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs kicked in, with neither showing signs of backing down from a protracted trade war.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher as the SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecoms being folded into a new communications services index that will now include heavy-hitting technology stocks such asFacebookInc, Twitter  and Alphabet.U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory duties on $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressured trade-sensitive stocks.Boeing, the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped 0.5 percent and Caterpillar  0.3 percent, leading the losers on the Dow Industrials  before the bell.The benchmark SP 500  and the blue-chip Dow have fared better than the Nasdaq  of late as the latest list of Chinese goods subject to tariffs include many technology products.While the China market is closed for the Mid-Autumn Festival, U.S.-listed shares of Chinese firms fell. Alibaba  was down 1.5 percent and Baidu  1.6 percent. JD.com, whose founder faces rape allegations, was last down 3.9 percent.At 7:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were down 35 points, or 0.13 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were down 4.75 points, or 0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were down 33 points, or 0.44 percent.Shares of energy companies rose asoil pricesjumped more than 2 percent to a four-year high after OPEC declined to announce an immediate increase in production despite calls by President Donald Trump to raise global supply.Exxon Mobil  gained 0.6 percent and Chevron  0.7 percent, making them the second- and the third-biggest gainers among Dow components. The biggest was Walt Disney's  1.1 percent gain.Comcast  fell 4.4 percent after it won an auction for Britain'sSky Plc, ending a battle with Twenty-First Century Fox  and Disney. Fox rose 0.8 percent.Pandora Media  jumped 8.6 percent after satellite radio provider Sirius XM Holdings  said it would buy the music streaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5 billion. Sirius fell 3.3 percent.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/24/2018 8:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Futures dip as trade worries resurface	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocksfutures-dip-as-trade-worries-resurface-20180924-00481	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* U.S.-China tariffs go into effect* Trade-sensitive Boeing, Caterpillar drop premarket* SP sector reshuffle to debut, may boost volumes* Futures down: Dow 0.13 pct, SP 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pctBy Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures dropped onMonday as the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs kicked in, withneither showing signs of backing down from a protracted tradewar.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher asthe SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecoms beingfolded into a new communications services index that will nowinclude heavy-hitting technology stocks such as Facebook IncFB.O , Twitter TWTR.N and Alphabet GOOGL.O . urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W61WTShares of the three companies fell between 0.5 and 1 percentinpremarket trading, also on renewed fears of higher regulationafter a report that the White House has drafted a preliminaryorder to direct federal agencies to probe the business practicesof social media and internet firms. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W8076U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goodstook effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory dutieson $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressuredtrade-sensitive stocks. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1OFBoeingBA.N , the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped0.5 percent and CaterpillarCAT.N 0.3 percent, leading thelosers on the Dow Industrials .DJI before the bell.The benchmark SP 500 .SPX and the blue-chip Dow havefared better than the Nasdaq .IXIC of late as the latest listof Chinese goods subject to tariffs include many technologyproducts. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA032While the China market is closed for the Mid-AutumnFestival, U.S.-listed shares of Chinese firms fell. AlibabaBABA.N was down 1.5 percent and BaiduBIDO.O 1.6 percent.JD.com JD.O , whose founder faces rape allegations, was lastdown 3.9 percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W71N6At 7:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were down 35 points, or0.13 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were down 4.75 points, or0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were down 33 points,or 0.44 percent.Shares of energy companies rose asoil pricesjumped morethan 2 percent to a four-year high after OPEC declined toannounce an immediate increase in production despite calls byPresident Donald Trump to raise global supply. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1G6Exxon MobilXOM.N gained 0.6 percent and ChevronCVX.N 0.7 percent, making them the second- and the third-biggestgainers among Dow components. The biggest was Walt Disney'sDIS.N 1.1 percent gain.ComcastCMCSA.O fell 4.4 percent after it won an auctionfor Britain'sSky PlcSKYB.L , ending a battle withTwenty-First Century Fox FOXA.O and Disney. Fox rose 0.8percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WA1JSPandora MediaP.N jumped 8.6 percent after satellite radioprovider Sirius XM HoldingsSIRI.O said it would buy the musicstreaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5billion. Sirius fell 3.3 percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA3BW (Reporting by Shreyashi Sanyal in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Shreyashi.Sanyal@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646 223 8780 ;Reuters Messaging:Shreyashi.Sanyal.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:BA,
FB	9/24/2018 1:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Tech index refresh could give under-the-radar names their day in the sun	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/tech-index-refresh-could-give-undertheradar-names-their-day-in-the-sun-20180924-00015	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David RandallNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - A reshuffling of Wall Street benchmark industry sectors that transferred high-flying FANG stocks likeFacebookInc  and Google-parent Alphabet Inc  out of the technology label may be a boon to some under-the-radar companies that used to compete with them for investor attention.Companies such as Cisco Systems Inc, Juniper Networks Inc, Xerox Corp, Akamai Technologies Inc, and Texas Instruments Inc  that do not often grab headlines could be among the unexpected winners from the largest reclassification of companies on Wall Street since 1999, fund managers say."At the end of the day, there are a lot of investors who are very sector-aware," said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York."If you're a smaller tech company, this is great because you no longer have to compete against Google for capital."The overhaul by SP Dow Jones Indices of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) took effect on Monday. The changes are meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved. Maintained by SP and MSCI since 1999 and widely used by portfolio managers, the taxonomy classifies companies across 11 sectors.The communication services sector will include three out of the four so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc  and Alphabet - even though investors widely consider them the leaders of the tech rally that powered the stock market higher in recent years.While Alphabet and Facebook will leave technology, Netflix will be moved out of consumer discretionary to join the renamed sector. Amazon.com will stay put in consumer discretionary.Shares of Alphabet, which made up approximately 10.2 percent of the technology sector, are up 12.3 percent for the year to date. After Apple, Microsoft Corp, Visa Inc, Intel Corp  and Cisco now round out the SP tech index's largest five components.Overall, the regrouping of companies in new sectors is expected to generate more than $30 billion in market activity as active investors and passive exchange-traded funds (ETFs) recalibrate their positions to reflect the new weightings, according to estimates from State Street.While most diversified fund managers have wide leeway in deciding what companies to own, most tend to hug the weightings of the SP 500 sectors when constructing their portfolios.That means that if a fund manager used to own Alphabet as a way to gain technology exposure, he or she would need to find another company to fill that hole now that Alphabet is in another sector.PLAYING DEFENSEThe shuffling of benchmark sectors may also make it harder for investors to play defense during the next market sell-off. Former value-stock companies like ATT Inc  that were in the telecommunications sector are now lumped together with growth-focused companies like Netflix Inc  in the communications services sector."In times when you would want to play defense and allocate to telecom, you can't really do that anymore," said Cliff Hodge, director of investments for Charlotte, North Carolina-based Cornerstone Wealth.Approximately 61 percent of the new communications sector will be growth stocks - so named because investors are often willing to pay a higher multiple in anticipation of above-market growth rates - while 100 percent of the former telecommunications sector were value stocks, the name given to companies that have slower growth rates but better dividends and balance sheets, according to State Street Advisors.The former telecom sector traded at a forward price to earnings ratio of 10.6, nearly half of the 19.3 P/E of the new communications sector.The sector paid a dividend yield of 5.45 percent, making it an attractive place for investors to hide during market downturns. Yet the sector, renamed communication services, now includes stocks like Netflix, which doesn't pay a dividend at all.With the telecom sector gone, more investors will gravitate toward consumer staples and utilities sectors, which have become a popular - and expensive - place for dividend income, said  Jeffrey Liguori, chief investment officer at Providence, Rhode Island-based Napatree Capital."Verizon is not a telephone company anymore and neither is ATT," he said. "They should be trading like media companies and getting valuations that are more appropriate as well."This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
BABA	9/24/2018 8:18:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Why Would Amazon Want to Open 3,000 Cashier-Less Stores?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/why-would-amazon-want-to-open-3000-cashier-less-stores-cm1027332	Amazon(NASDAQ: AMZN) recently opened its fourth Amazon Go convenience   store, and the online retail giant may expand its cashier-less   store concept to 3,000 locations by 2021, according to a report   fromBloomberg.If it happens, that expansion would make Amazon one of the   largest convenience store chains in the nation, trailing just   7-Eleven and Circle K. Many of the locations would reportedly   focus on ready-made food, which would make the new stores a   biggerthreat to fast-food and fast-casual   restaurantsthan supermarkets or drugstores.Still, an investment in 3,000 stores is going to cost Amazon a   lot. Its first location reportedly required $1 million in camera   and AI technology alone. So, why is Amazon so interested in   growing Amazon Go?Image source: Amazon.A $3 billion investmentAmazon could spend as much as $3 billion on Amazon Go   locations if it proceeds to open 3,000 stores, according to an   analysis by Morgan Stanley's Brian Nowak that was reported by   Bloomberg. He said Amazon could potentially reach that scale for   as little a $0.5 billion, but it's much more likely to spend   closer to $3 billion than that low-end estimate.At least one estimate puts an Amazon Go store's annual revenue   at $1 million to $2 million. The focus on prepared foods over   groceries and convenience items should enable it to generate a   higher gross margin than Amazon's core online retail business or   its Whole Foods Market locations. Concentrating store locations   in urban areas with Whole Foods locations nearby could perhaps   enable it to boost those margins by using kitchens at Whole Foods   to prepare meals and deliver them to Amazon Go locations around   the city.Three thousand Amazon Go locations could generate $3 billion   to $6 billion in annual revenue, according to Baird Equity   Research analyst Colin Sebastian. He expects that to produce $1   billion to $2.5 billion in gross profits, according to a Business   Insider report. Sebastian doesn't expect to see much of those   gross profits fall to the bottom line, though, considering the   expenses associated with opening and running the stores.In other words, Amazon could invest billions of dollars on a   project that will produce a small amount of revenue and an even   smaller amount of profits.Amazon isn't looking for profitsInvestors familiar with Amazon know that it doesn't always   create products with the intent of making a direct profit. Amazon   routinely sells its devices like the Echo Dot, Fire TV stick, and   Fire tablet below cost just to get them into consumers'   households. Those devices provide Amazon with lots of data and   various opportunities to sell ancillary products and services to   consumers.Amazon Go may be yet another way to gather data on consumers.   Every time someone walks into an Amazon Go location, they scan an   app on their smartphone, which allows the cameras to link a   person to an online account for billing. The store keeps a   running tab as you take items off the shelf (and subtracts them   if you put the item back).While many stores offer a loyalty program that allows them to   track what consumers buy, Amazon Go's technology can take that   sort of data to the next level. It can tell exactly how many   milliseconds a person considered buying an item, which items they   considered and left on the shelf, and whether a customer chose   one item over another option.Amazon can then take that data to make product recommendations   the next time a customer logs into Amazon. It could also target   promotions to certain customers based on their shopping behavior   in stores, enabling it to grow itsburgeoning ad businesseven faster.Alibaba(NYSE: BABA) has taken a similar approach with its cashless Hema   supermarkets in China. Alibaba introduced the Hema concept in   2015, and it uses customer data to make personalized   recommendations through its app. It also uses data to optimally   stock its stores. Alibaba may eventually use customer data to   offer personalized recommendations on its online marketplaces,   Taobao and Tmall, or its food delivery app, Ele.me.Both Nowak and Sebastian note the data could enable Amazon to   take a greater share of customer spending over time by offering   more targeted and timely product recommendations through its   online presence.Amazon is going to take some time to test Amazon Go. It's only   going to open 10 stores by the end of this year, and 50 by the   end of next year, according to the Bloomberg report. But if the   early tests go well, Amazon will scale quickly, just as it's done   with other businesses. So, if Amazon is suddenly ramping up   spending and opening dozens of Amazon Go stores per week, take it   as a good sign.10 stocks we like better than AmazonWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Amazon wasn't one of     them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even     better buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon     subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of     directors.Adam Levyowns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,BABA
BABA	9/24/2018 4:02:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Top Stock Reports for Boeing, NVIDIA & Medtronic	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/top-stock-reports-for-boeing-nvidia-medtronic-cm1027166	Shutterstock photoMonday, September 24, 2018The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Boeing (BA), NVIDIA (NVDA) and Medtronic (MDT). These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.You can seeall oftoday'sresearch reports hereBoeing's shares have surged +46.4% in the past year, outperforming the Zacks AerospaceDefense sector, which gained +23.4% during the same time period. The Zacks analyst emphasizes that the company is the largest aircraft manufacturer in the world in terms of revenues, orders and deliveries.Considering the huge global demand for commercial jets, Boeing has been enjoying an enormous flow of orders from all over the world. In this regard, the company's 20-year market outlook forecasts commercial jetliner demand to increase by 4.1%. Boeing expects single-aisle jets to be the major driver behind this demand growth. However, this aerospace giant continues to face challenges from stiff competition.For the company's 747 model, weak demand for large commercial passenger and freighter aircraft accompanied with slower-than-expected growth of global freight traffic continue to create market uncertainties. Entrance of new competitors in the aerospace market may impact the top and bottom line of the company.(You canread the full research report on Boeing here).Shares ofNVIDIAhave surged year to date, gaining +36.2% versus the Zacks General Semiconductor industry's +10.5% increase. The Zacks analyst thinks NVIDIA is benefiting from growth across all its platforms. Notably, growing e-sportsmigration to cloud are driving demand for NVIDIA's GPUs in the gamingdatacenter markets. NVIDIA's innovative product pipeline and strength in gaming and high-end notebook GPUs keep it well positioned.Higher adoption of NVIDIA's Volta processors is likely to act as a catalyst in the near term. Moreover, partnership with companies like Arrow, Baidu, Daimler and Bosch is a tailwind. Nonetheless, recent developments like suspension of test drives for all its driverless vehicles and a likely no contribution from cryptocurrency miners makes us slightly cautious about its near-term performance. Additionally, competitive pressure from two CPU vendors, Intel and AMD, which are planning to integrate graphics cores into respective chips, poses concern.(You canread the full research report on NVIDIA here).Medtronic's shares have outperformed the Zacks Medical Products industry over the past three months, gaining +12.8% vs. +9.6%. The Zacks analyst is optimistic about the impending acquisition of Mazor Robotics which is expected to fortify Medtronic's position in spine surgery.The buyout will combine Medtronic's spine implants, navigation and intra-operative imaging technology with Mazor Robotics' robotic-assisted surgery (RAS) systems. Meanwhile, Medtronic reported solid top-line growth across all its major business groups in its first-quarter fiscal 2019. This highlighted sustainability across groups and regions, in addition to displaying successful achievement of synergy targets.Also, gradually stabilizing CRHF market holds promise. The company is also focusing on geographical diversification of its businesses. Yet, escalating costs and expenses continue to weigh on Medtronic's bottom line. The company's 2019 guidance remains conservative on apprehension of significant currency woe.(You canread the full research report on Medtronic here).Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include Alibaba (BABA), Philip Morris (PM) and General Electric (GE).The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendMark VickerySenior EditorNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department   and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is   frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes   the weeklyEarnings TrendsandEarnings Previewreports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz   publishes a new article, pleaseclick hereToday's Must ReadStrong Jet Orders Aid Boeing (BA) Amid Pilot         Shortage IssuesNVIDIA (NVDA) Rides on Solid Adoption of GPUs,         PartnershipsMazor Buy to Aid Medtronic (MDT) Spine Arm, CRHF         Grows FirmFeatured ReportsConocoPhillips (COP) Banks on Eagle Ford Acreage,         Debt HighHuge acreage holdings in the prospective Eagle Ford Shale     play will contribute to ConocoPhillips' oil production, per the     Zacks analyst.Strong Adoption of FlashHCI Solutions Aids         Netapp (NTAP)The Zacks analyst believes that persistent innovation in     flash-based solutions and strong adoption of hyper-converged     infrastructure (HCI) will continue to benefit Netapp's top-line     growth.Darden (DRI) Rides On Cheddar Acquisition, High         Costs HurtThe Zacks analyst thinks that while major sales building     initiatives and synergies from Cheddar's acquisition are likely     to boost Darden's topline growth, high costs of operations may     dent margins.Asset Inflows, Acquisitions Aid Invesco (IVZ),         Costs a WoePer the Zacks analyst, asset under management inflows and     inorganic growth strategy will support Invesco's revenues.Product Expansion to Drive Finisar (FNSR) Amid         Trade WoesPer the Zacks analyst, Finisar's planned expansion of broad     product line of optical subsystems to meet evolving customer     needs will likely drive its long-term growth despite trade     tensions with China.Cloud Strength Steers Box's Growth Amid Rising         CompetitionPer the Zacks analyst, Box's cloud products and increasing     number of paid customers continues to aid growth.Abercrombie's (ANF) DTC Business Reflects Core         StrengthPer the Zacks analyst, Abercrombie's investments in mobile,     omni-channel and fulfillment aided growth at direct-to-consumer     (DTC) business.New UpgradesStrong Pellet Demand, Debt Cuts Aid         Cleveland-Cliffs (CLF)Per the Zacks analyst, Cleveland-Cliffs should gain from     efforts to de-leverage its balance sheet. Strong demand for     iron ore pellets in the United States should also support its     earnings.Hershey (HSY) Likely to Gain from Margin for Growth         ProgramPer the Zacks analyst, Hershey's Margin for Growth plan is     set to improve the company's operating margin via supply chain     optimization, a streamlined operating model and reduced     administrative costs.AGNC Investment's (AGNC) Solid Hedge Portfolio Aids         GrowthPer the Zacks analyst, efforts to strengthen its hedge     portfolio in a bid to offset risks related to interest rates     and prepayment uncertainty support AGNC Investment.New DowngradesRising Expenses Weighs on Alibaba's (BABA) New         Retail PushPer the Zacks analyst, rising costs associated with new     businesses initiatives and increasing competition should hamper     Alibaba's efforts to bridge the gap between online and offline     shopping.Low Cigarette Volumes Continue to Trouble Philip         Morris (PM)Per the Zacks analyst, Philip Morris grapples with lower     cigarette shipment volumes, stemming from regulatory hurdles.     Notably cigarette volumes fell 1.5% year on year in the second     quarter.General Electric (GE) Hurt by Weak Power Segment         BusinessPer the Zacks analyst, lower gas orders, popularity of     renewable energy sources, overcapacity, and geopolitical     tensions might continue to hurt GE's Power segment's     performance in the quarters ahead.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportPhilip Morris International Inc. (PM): Free Stock Analysis ReportNVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis ReportMedtronic PLC (MDT): Free Stock Analysis ReportGeneral Electric Company (GE): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Boeing Company (BA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:PM,NVDA,MDT,GE,BABA
BABA	9/24/2018 11:39:00 AM	NULL	NULL	The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Alibaba, Tencent, China Mobile and Ctrip	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-zacks-analyst-blog-highlights-alibaba-tencent-china-mobile-and-ctrip-cm1026838	Shutterstock photoFor Immediate ReleaseChicago, IL -September 24, 2018 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include:AlibabaBABA,TencentTCEHY,China MobileCHLandCtripCTRP.Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:Inside China: How a Booming Middle Class Is Shifting Global Power Back EastWith over five thousand years of history and a population of nearly 1.4 billion, everything about China is massive. China was shrouded in isolation for most of the 20thcentury, and just 40 years ago reopened its borders to the world.Re-Introducing the Red DragonSince then, this country, whose original name means "Middle Kingdom," has chugged along on a never-before-seen fast track to economic and social development. China now enjoys its largest sphere of influence in centuries, and the world has begun to adjust accordingly.If it was not there already, China has now been forced onto the radar of Americans across the country through concerns about a trade war that has no immediate end in sight. But outside of these developments, many are still unfamiliar with the world's second-largest power.In this special report on China, we will introduce investors to the latest developments in the nation's economy, business climate, international activity, military power, and cultural influence. We will also highlight Chinese companies that are well-positioned to capitalize on trends in each of these respective areas.The Path to Exponential Economic GrowthChina's unprecedented growth began in 1978, when then-leader Deng Xiaoping initiated his now famous economic reforms. The policy resulted in the decollectivizing of agriculture, a stronger entrepreneurial environment, as well as the opening of China to foreign trade and investment. These initiatives are what breathed life into the Chinese economy, and put it on the path to become what it is today.There have been a few hiccups along the way, but for the most part China hasn't looked back since the reforms were first initiated. According todatafrom theWorld Bank, China's GDP was $12.24 trillion in 2017, or about 82 times larger than it was in 1978. Moreover,IMFprojectionshave the nation reaching $14.1 trillion in GDP in 2018, and $21.58 trillion by 2023.The booming Chinese economy has brought hundreds of millions out of poverty, and given rise to the largest middle-class population in the world. As investors can surely imagine, this has broad and deeply consequential implications.The Most Influential Consumers of the 21stCenturyHomi Kharas at theBrookings Institutewrotean update to his initial report on the "unprecedented expansion of the global middle class" in February of last year. Here are some very interesting data points that Kharas and theBrookingsteam gathered:·         By the end of 2016, 3.2 billion people around the world were in the middle class, of whom half lived in Asia.·         140 million people are reaching the middle class category annually, a rate which could rise to 170 million by 2022.·         Kharas predicts that 88% of the next billion people to join the middle class will live in Asia, with 350 million expected to come from China alone.·         This would bring the total middle class population to 780 million in the country.·         By 2030, the Asia Pacific region is projected to represent 65% of the global middle class·         In 2015, China's middle class represented 12% of global consumption. That proportion is projected to reach 22% in 2030.(Investors should note that in this study, the middle class is defined as households with per capita incomes between $11 and $110 per person per day in 2011 PPP (Purchasing Power Parity) terms. The wide range is a function of variation in the cost of living and corresponding expenditure averages across the 165 nations covered.)A major factor in China's rapid socioeconomic evolution is its ever-increasing rate of urbanization. According toWorld Bankdata, China's urbanization rate, the proportion of its population residing in urban areas, has soared 42.4% from 1977-2017, bringing the metric to its current level of 57.9%.McKinsey's 2017 China ConsumerReport, published in November, took responses from 10,000 consumers, aged 18 to 65 and spread across 44 cities, along with 7 rural towns and villages. The survey found that urban consumers are earning higher income than ever before, and their spending habits are changing accordingly.The report states that although risks remain, China's Consumer Confidence Index has reached a ten-year high of 115, compared to 100 in spring of 2016. Moreover, the "post-90s" generation is quickly taking their place as the largest consumer segment of the Chinese market. This tech-native demographic is more health-aware, and uses technology to not only complete a large portion of their transactions, but to also more heavily research purchasing decisions.The results also marked a shift in consumer sentiment towards foreign brands. Chinese consumers used to clearly prefer foreign brands, but are now increasingly giving their business to local players. Chinese brands accounted for 63% of personal digital gadgets in 2017 (compared to 43% in 2012), while 76% of personal care products were from domestic players (versus 63% in 2012).Newer generations in China that have lived under better economic standards are more confident about personal income growth and are more loyal to brand names, but are also less hesitant to try new products and services as well. As Chinese businesses continue to expand and improve product quality, there are some firms definitely worth keeping an eye on.Companies to WatchAlibaba-Alibaba is now big enough that its e-commerce segment, Taobao, can pull $25 billion in a single day of sales, which fell on the nation's "Black Friday" equivalent (11/11). The firm continues to make solid investments in new growth initiatives domestically and abroad, as well as fund future-proof research in AI development and cloud computing.Tencent-Similarly to Alibaba, Tencent is a conglomerate that has investments and market share in numerous lucrative industries. The firm has also has stakes in popular international game developers, and is aggressively expanding in India.China Mobile- The largest telecommunications firm in the Middle Kingdom, China Mobile boasts a mobile subscriber base of nearly 905 million. As more of China gets connected online, CHL will be there to help make it happen.Ctrip- Ctrip is the largest travel services company in China. The number of Chinese consumers traveling abroad is growing enormously, and the firm is capitalizing on much of that newfound traffic accordingly.Up NextNext, we will take a closer look at the current business climate in China, and how it is set to affect both local and international players. Everyone wants a piece of the pie, but it isn't proving as easy as many would like.Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.See the pot trades we're targetingMedia ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339support@zacks.comhttp://www.zacks.comPast performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss.This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The SP 500 is an unmanaged index. Visithttp://www.zacks.com/performancefor information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTencent Holding Ltd. (TCEHY): Free Stock Analysis ReportCtrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP): Free Stock Analysis ReportChina Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:BABA,TCEHY,CTRP,CHL
BABA	9/24/2018 8:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Futures dip as trade worries resurface	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/futures-dip-as-trade-worries-resurface-20180924-00537	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures dropped on Monday as the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs kicked in, with neither showing signs of backing down from a protracted trade war.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher as the SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecoms being folded into a new communications services index that will now include heavy-hitting technology stocks such asFacebookInc, Twitter  and Alphabet.U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goods took effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory duties on $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressured trade-sensitive stocks.Boeing, the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped 0.5 percent and Caterpillar  0.3 percent, leading the losers on the Dow Industrials  before the bell.The benchmark SP 500  and the blue-chip Dow have fared better than the Nasdaq  of late as the latest list of Chinese goods subject to tariffs include many technology products.While the China market is closed for the Mid-Autumn Festival, U.S.-listed shares of Chinese firms fell. Alibaba  was down 1.5 percent and Baidu  1.6 percent. JD.com, whose founder faces rape allegations, was last down 3.9 percent.At 7:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis  were down 35 points, or 0.13 percent. SP 500 e-minis  were down 4.75 points, or 0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis  were down 33 points, or 0.44 percent.Shares of energy companies rose asoil pricesjumped more than 2 percent to a four-year high after OPEC declined to announce an immediate increase in production despite calls by President Donald Trump to raise global supply.Exxon Mobil  gained 0.6 percent and Chevron  0.7 percent, making them the second- and the third-biggest gainers among Dow components. The biggest was Walt Disney's  1.1 percent gain.Comcast  fell 4.4 percent after it won an auction for Britain'sSky Plc, ending a battle with Twenty-First Century Fox  and Disney. Fox rose 0.8 percent.Pandora Media  jumped 8.6 percent after satellite radio provider Sirius XM Holdings  said it would buy the music streaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5 billion. Sirius fell 3.3 percent.This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Politics,OilReferenced Symbols:BA,
BABA	9/24/2018 8:13:00 AM	NULL	NULL	US STOCKS-Futures dip as trade worries resurface	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/us-stocksfutures-dip-as-trade-worries-resurface-20180924-00481	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(For a live blog on the U.S. stock market, click LIVE/ ortype LIVE/ in an Eikon news window.)* U.S.-China tariffs go into effect* Trade-sensitive Boeing, Caterpillar drop premarket* SP sector reshuffle to debut, may boost volumes* Futures down: Dow 0.13 pct, SP 0.16 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pctBy Shreyashi   SanyalSept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures dropped onMonday as the latest round of Sino-U.S. tariffs kicked in, withneither showing signs of backing down from a protracted tradewar.The markets could be volatile and trading volumes higher asthe SP 500 sector shuffle takes effect, with the telecoms beingfolded into a new communications services index that will nowinclude heavy-hitting technology stocks such as Facebook IncFB.O , Twitter TWTR.N and Alphabet GOOGL.O . urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W61WTShares of the three companies fell between 0.5 and 1 percentinpremarket trading, also on renewed fears of higher regulationafter a report that the White House has drafted a preliminaryorder to direct federal agencies to probe the business practicesof social media and internet firms. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W8076U.S. tariffs on some $200 billion worth of Chinese goodstook effect on Monday, along with Beijing's retaliatory dutieson $60 billion worth of U.S. products, which pressuredtrade-sensitive stocks. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1OFBoeingBA.N , the biggest U.S. exporter to China, dropped0.5 percent and CaterpillarCAT.N 0.3 percent, leading thelosers on the Dow Industrials .DJI before the bell.The benchmark SP 500 .SPX and the blue-chip Dow havefared better than the Nasdaq .IXIC of late as the latest listof Chinese goods subject to tariffs include many technologyproducts. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1WA032While the China market is closed for the Mid-AutumnFestival, U.S.-listed shares of Chinese firms fell. AlibabaBABA.N was down 1.5 percent and BaiduBIDO.O 1.6 percent.JD.com JD.O , whose founder faces rape allegations, was lastdown 3.9 percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL2N1W71N6At 7:39 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis 1YMc1 were down 35 points, or0.13 percent. SP 500 e-minis ESc1 were down 4.75 points, or0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-minis NQc1 were down 33 points,or 0.44 percent.Shares of energy companies rose asoil pricesjumped morethan 2 percent to a four-year high after OPEC declined toannounce an immediate increase in production despite calls byPresident Donald Trump to raise global supply. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA1G6Exxon MobilXOM.N gained 0.6 percent and ChevronCVX.N 0.7 percent, making them the second- and the third-biggestgainers among Dow components. The biggest was Walt Disney'sDIS.N 1.1 percent gain.ComcastCMCSA.O fell 4.4 percent after it won an auctionfor Britain'sSky PlcSKYB.L , ending a battle withTwenty-First Century Fox FOXA.O and Disney. Fox rose 0.8percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL8N1WA1JSPandora MediaP.N jumped 8.6 percent after satellite radioprovider Sirius XM HoldingsSIRI.O said it would buy the musicstreaming service in an all-stock deal valued at about $3.5billion. Sirius fell 3.3 percent. urn:newsml:reuters.com:*:nL4N1WA3BW (Reporting by Shreyashi Sanyal in Bengaluru; Editing by AnilD'Silva) ((Shreyashi.Sanyal@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646 223 8780 ;Reuters Messaging:Shreyashi.Sanyal.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))This article appears in:Politics,World Markets,US Markets,Oil,StocksReferenced Symbols:BA,
BABA	9/24/2018 6:30:00 AM	NULL	NULL	FOCUS-As China builds biotech sector, cash floods U.S. startups	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/focusas-china-builds-biotech-sector-cash-floods-us-startups-20180924-00226	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By Robin Respaut and Julie  ZhuSAN FRANCISCO/HONG KONG, Sept 24 (Reuters) - For three whirlwind days in June, U.S. scientist Zhi Hong went shopping at the Boston Bio Conference to find drugs to fill the pipeline of his two-week-old drug company.Crammed in tight, four-person booths executives use for private conversations, the former GlaxoSmithKline PLC  executive pitched dozens of U.S. biotech companies to partner with his start-up, Brii Biosciences.Brii is now discussing partnerships with about a dozen drugmakers, which it aims to help by conducting clinical trials in China, applying for governmental approval and eventually negotiating reimbursement in a bid to capitalize on China's stated plan to become the next global player in biopharma."I didn't see this coming," Hong told Reuters. "They said, ‘If you start a company, you won't have any problem raising money.' I didn't quite believe that at the beginning. But as we went through the process, it was incredible."Brii is one of many biotech startups riding a wave of money from Asia that so far this year has poured $4.2 billion into private U.S.-based biotech companies. That is over 43 percent of the total amount of venture funding invested in the biotech sector, according to PitchBook, up from just 11 percent in 2016.These investors range from China's 6 Dimensions Capital and Hillhouse Capital Group to Hong Kong-based Blue Pool Capital, the investment arm of Alibaba's executives. They are in search of better returns across the Pacific after China's recent homegrown biotech push has driven sky-high valuations."There are companies in China that haven't even started clinical trials, and they have received term sheets for $400 million," said Nisa Leung, managing partner and leader of healthcare sector at China-based Qiming Venture Partners, referring to the agreements that describe the terms of an investment. "I think that's crazy."China's biotech craze stems in part from a government plan launched a few years ago as part of the Made In China 2025 campaign. The goal is to promote biotech as a strategic emerging industry, spawning rapid development and investment into the burgeoning sector.A rule change at the Hong Kong stock exchange this spring is also providing an added incentive for investors. Biotechs without revenue or profit from around the world are now able to list on the exchange  - which provides a faster way for investors to cash out.Among the winners are Menlo Park, California'sGRAIL Inc, an early-stage cancer detection company that in May raised $300 million in a Series C round led by Chinese healthcare fund Ally Bridge Group. Immuno-oncology company TCR2 Therapeutics of Cambridge, Massachusetts, received $125 million in March in a Series B round co-led by Pacific-focused investor 6 Dimensions.In the United States, the influx of cash from China has inflated the size of biotech funding rounds and quickening the pace that companies can raise money.Graphic:Companies that rely on licensing deals to develop innovative drugs in China - like Brii or Shanghai-based Zai Lab - are more often paying a premium. The interest from China has driven the upfront payments for licensing agreements for U.S. drugmakers to over $30 million currently from $1 million or $5 million three years ago, according to Leung.Other headwinds for Chinese biotech investment persist - ranging from the nagging threat of the Trump administration broadening restrictions on Chinese investment to the lackluster stock performance to date of the first Hong Kong biotech IPO under the new listing regime, Ascletis Pharma.Still many investors interviewed by Reuters do not expect China's biotech hunger to end overnight."It makes a lot of sense (for Chinese funds) to look at U.S. biotech firms especially as many Chinese biotechs still lag behind their U.S. peers in terms of the quality and the pipeline of products," said Jonathan Wang, senior managing director and co-founder of the Asia fund at OrbiMed Advisors, a healthcare investment firm that continues to invest in young biotechs in both China and the United States.FORTUNATE TIMINGFor some biotech companies, money from China has breathed new life into experimental drugs or devices that lost priority inside company pipelines for various reasons.That was the thinking behind scientist Bing Yao's move to strike out on his own, just as Asia investor interest in biotech was taking off.Yao first had the idea to leave his position as the head of the respiratory, inflammation and autoimmunity disease unit at AstraZeneca MedImmune in March 2017. The pharmaceutical company was pruning its drug development to focus on priority areas like cancer, so he proposed spinning off some programs to a new start-up that he would create to develop the drugs.One year later, Yao launched Viela Bio with AstraZeneca's blessing and six of the pharmaceutical company's experimental drugs. The furthest along is a medicine for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder, a rare disease affecting the optic nerve and spinal cord of around five in 100,000 people.Yao raised $250 million from a consortium of investors led by China-focused funds, including Boyu Capital, 6 Dimensions and Hillhouse. AstraZeneca remains the largest minority shareholder.Yao said he received interest from more investors than he wanted to manage, so he selected the firms that "came earlier and faster.""A few years ago, it would have been harder to raise large sums like this," said Yao, who spent over 20 years focusing on immunology at companies like Amgen and Genentech before AstraZeneca.But it may not be as easy for companies going forward.HURDLES AHEAD?Changes in Washington and the challenges of breaking into the Chinese healthcare sector are emerging on investor radars.A new law passed in August expanded the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), which reviews foreign investments for potential national security concerns. The broader scope prioritizes the protection of emerging technologies, including genetic information.Even those with funding could find the China market difficult to navigate. Launching new medicines in China is still relatively untested, and conducting clinical trials, getting government approval and selling medicines in China's segregated healthcare marketplace present formidable hurdles."It's a significant job," said Moncef Slaoui, former head of global research and development and vaccines chairman at GSK and a Brii strategic advisor. "But this is a moment where there is an opportunity," he said, because moves by the Chinese government, such as modernizing its version of the FDA, will have long-lasting impacts.At Brii, the strategy calls for working with AliHealth, the healthcare arm of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, to find potential patients for its drugs. Another deal with WuXi AppTec Co Ltd  gives Brii access to WuXi's extensive research and development capabilities in China.Brii's first U.S. biotech partnership is with San Francisco-based Vir Biotechnology, an infectious disease-focused startup headed by former Biogen CEO George Scangos. The deal grants Brii the rights to develop some of Vir's future drugs in China. ARCH Venture Partners'Robert Nelsen backed both companies."Other companies try to become global," said Hong. "We're doing the reverse. We are dedicated 100 percent to the Chinese market."U.S. biotech sees surge of Asian investment(graphic).This article appears in:World Markets,Stocks,Economy
MA	9/24/2018 3:04:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Mastercard vs. Visa: Which Payment Processor Looks Better?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/mastercard-vs-visa-which-payment-processor-looks-better-cm1027036	Shutterstock photoThe Financial Transaction Services industry continues to go through a major transition. Digitalization, ample growth opportunities and constant FinTech collaborations are the reasons behind the shift.Over the years, the payment styles have shifted from tangible forms (cash and checks) to the digital mode. Payment processors are significantly gaining traction from non-cash transactions wherein payments are being accepted through NFC chips, payment apps, sensors, tracking devices, etc., backed by the evolving IOT (Internet of Things) technology. Meanwhile, artificial intelligence has helped the industry detect frauds, real-time approvals and reduce false declines. All have resulted in creating innovative payment experiences for customers. High investments in blockchain technology, ecommerce, mobile payments, customer-centric business models and digital currencies are driving revenues for the companies.The industry is also gaining support from an improving jobs market, low unemployment and the relaxation of tax rate under Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.Moreover, the Consumer Confidence Index presently stands at 100.8. This should, in turn support healthy consumer spending going forward that would be highly beneficial for the payment and network industry, as more and more consumers are seeking to pay for purchases online or via mobile which should aid revenue growth for payment processsors.A Top-Ranked IndustryThe Financial Transaction Services industry looks attractive from an investment perspective. The industry carries aZacks Industry Rank#114 (representing top 45% out of more than 256 Zacks industries). Our back-testing shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperforms the bottom 50% by a factor of more than two to one.Here we focus on two major payment processors, namely,Mastercard IncorporatedMAandVisa Inc.V, with market capitalization of $230.4 billion and $333.8 billion, respectively.Both stocks carry a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.It will be interesting to note which stock scores better. Investors interested in the same space may also take a look at Evertec, Inc.EVTCand WEX Inc.WEX, each stock carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Price PerformanceBoth companies have outperformed theindustryin a year's time. While shares of Mastercard have soared nearly 60.1%, Visa has surged 45.7%. Here, Mastercard performs better than Visa.ValuationThe price-to-earnings (P/E) value metric can be used for valuing payment processors. Compared with the industry's trailing 12-month P/E ratio of 30.60, both Mastercard and Visa are overvalued. Yet, with a trailing 12-month P/E multiple of 34.98, Visa is relatively cheaper than Mastercard's trailing 12-month P/E multiple of 39.34. This round clearly goes to Visa.Dividend YieldBoth companies have been deploying capital in terms of dividend payments to add shareholder value. They also maintain a record of raising dividends at regular intervals.Mastercard has a current dividend yield of 0.45%, lower than the industry's average of 0.52%. Meanwhile, Visa has a dividend yield of 0.56%. Clearly, Visa has an edge over Mastercard here.Leverage RatioMastercard has debt-to-equity ratio of 110.9, higher than Visa's leverage ratio of 49.9 as well as industry's average of 62.8. So, this round goes to Visa without any doubt.Return on EquityVisa's return on equity of 36.09% lies below the industry average of 40.85%. However, Mastercard's metric for the same stands at 103.82%. Return on equity - a profitability measure - reflects how efficiently the company utilizes shareholders' funds. Therefore, between Visa and Mastercard, the latter is far better-positioned.Earnings Surprise HistoryConsidering a comprehensive earnings history, both companies have delivered positive surprises in each of the prior four quarters. Mastercard has an average earnings surprise of 9.57%, slightly outperforming Visa's reading of 9.27%.Though very marginally, Mastercard scores over Visa in this context.Earnings Estimate RevisionsGrowth ProjectionsMastercard has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2018 and 2019 earnings being revised 0.15% and 0.27% upward, respectively, over the past 30 days.Meanwhile, the same for Visa has moved 0.4% and 0.2% north, each for 2018 and 2019 over the same time frame.For Mastercard, the consensus estimate for 2018 earnings per share is pegged at $6.41, translating into year-over-year growth of 39.9%. The stock has an expected long-term earnings per share growth rate of 19%.For Visa, the consensus mark stands at $4.61 for current-year bottom line, reflecting a year-over-year increase of 32.4%. The stock has an expected long-term earnings per share growth rate of 17.5%.This round is biased toward Mastercard.ConclusionOur comparative analysis shows that Mastercard is better positioned for growth than Visa on the basis of leverage ratio, price performance, earnings surprise history and growth projections. Visa wins on valuation and dividend yield parameters.As the scale is tilted in favor of Mastercard, the stock discernably makes a better investment proposition.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportWEX Inc. (WEX): Free Stock Analysis ReportEvertec, Inc. (EVTC): Free Stock Analysis ReportMastercard Incorporated (MA): Free Stock Analysis ReportVisa Inc. (V): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:WEX,EVTC,MA,V
MSFT	9/24/2018 11:26:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Nike (NKE) Stock Sinks 1.5% Ahead of Q1 Earnings: What to Watch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/nike-nke-stock-sinks-15-ahead-of-q1-earnings-what-to-watch-cm1027364	Shutterstock photoShares of NikeNKEslipped 1.5% during regular trading hours Monday just one day before the company is scheduled to release its fiscal Q1 financial results. The decline goes against Nike's impressive 2018 run, so let's see what to expect from Nike after the closing bell Tuesday.Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year, with its roughly 35% surge outpacing AppleAAPLand MicrosoftMSFT. Much of the recent momentum stems from the sportswear giant's strong fourth quarter performance that saw it return to growth in North America and expand it Greater Chine. Nike, like other retailers, has made a significant direct-to-consumer push through its own apps, along with partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Nike's growth in Europe and China outpaced rival Adidas'ADDYYexpansion in those two vital markets last quarter. The company is still the largest sportswear company in the U.S. and will continue to sponsor both the NFL and the NBA. The Oregon-based firm's growth in athleisure has also helped it compete against LululemonLULUand GapGPS.OutlookMoving on, our current Zacks Consensus Estimate is calling for Nike's Q1 revenues to jump by 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion. The sportswear powerhouse is also expected to see its North American revenues pop by roughly 3% hit $4.047 billion, based on our current NFM estimates.Meanwhile, Nike's adjusted quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. But, we still need to know how likely it is that Nike tops our quarterly earnings estimate.Luckily, we can turn to our exclusive Earnings ESP figure to help us find out. Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) compares the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the quarter. The Most Accurate Estimate is a version of the Zacks Consensus whose definition is related to change.This is done because, generally speaking, when an analyst posts an estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.A positive Earnings ESP paired with a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better ranking helps us feel confident about the potential for an earnings beat. In fact, our 10-year backtest has revealed that this methodology has accurately produced a positive surprise 70% of the time.Nike currently sports an earnings ESP of -0.22% and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Therefore, our model is inconclusive. However, Nike has topped our quarterly earnings estimates for almost five straight years. Investors should note that NKE stock will likely trade based on its e-commerce and North American performance in the short-term.Nike is scheduled to report its quarterly financial results after the close of regular trading on Tuesday, September 25.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:JD,AMZN,FB,AAPL,MSFT
MSFT	9/24/2018 10:49:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Salesforce & Apple Partnership Makes CRM Stock Even More Attractive	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/salesforce-apple-partnership-makes-crm-stock-even-more-attractive-cm1027365	Shutterstock photoSalesforceCRMsaw its stock price climb over 2% to touch a new all-time high Monday after it announced a partnership with AppleAAPLthat will see the cloud-based customer relationship management firm offer new apps for iPhones and iPads. Salesforce's Apple deal makes CRM stock look even more enticing at the moment.Apple PartnershipSalesforce and Apple said on Monday that their partnership will initially focus on a redesigned Salesforce mobile app exclusively for iOS. The app will feature everything from Face ID and Siri shortcuts to Apple's business chat.The two companies are also set to develop the first Salesforce mobile software development kit for Apple's Swift programming language. "The native SDK will enable businesses and developers to build and deploy apps for iPhone and iPad on the Salesforce Lightning Platform, adding to the hundreds of thousands of iOS apps for business in the App Store today," according to a Salesforce press release.Lastly, the two companies will offer an iOS app development course on Salesforce's free, online learning portal called Trailhead. The courses, among other educational initiatives, come in addition to the array of free developer class offerings Salesforce already provides. "With the powerful combination of iPhone, iPad and iOS-the best hardware and software for business-together with native Salesforce apps and the new Salesforce SDK, we can deliver great customer experiences for businesses around the world," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.Salesforce's new mobile app is set to launch in early 2019. The partnership with the tech titan further solidifies Salesforce's standing and likely helps improve its already impressive growth outlook.OverviewQuick OutlookSalesforce operates within the quickly growing customer relationship management industry and has established itself as a software-as-a-service power that seems ready to grow as more businesses adapt to an almost completely digital age. Salesforce purchased Quip roughly two years ago to begin to offer MicrosoftMSFTOffice-like products designed for the cloud. These offerings include a word processor and spreadsheets, and more recently, slideshows.Just last week, Salesforce announced voice assistance features for its Einstein artificial intelligence system called Einstein Voice. The service allows users to conversationally update tasks on Salesforce, receive audible briefings, explore Salesforce's dashboard, and more. "We're in the midst of an incredible technological shift, where the power of voice is fundamentally changing the way we work," Salesforce Co-Founder and CTO Parker Harris said in a company statement.Looking ahead, our current Zacks Consensus Estimate is calling for Salesforce's third-quarter revenues to climb by 25.7% to hit $3.37 billion. CRM's fiscal year revenues are also projected to surge by a 25.7% to reach $13.17 billion.At the bottom end of the income statement, Salesforce's adjusted quarterly earnings are projected to climb by 28.2% to hit $0.50 per share. Meanwhile, Salesforce's full-year EPS figure is expected to soar by 87% to reach $2.52 per share. Plus, Salesforce has earned 18 upward earnings estimate revisions for its current fiscal year over the last 30 days, against zero downward changes.Salesforce's positive full-year earnings estimate revision activity helps the company earn a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy).The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportSalesforce.com Inc (CRM): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:AAPL,MSFT,CRM
MSFT	9/24/2018 9:45:16 PM	NULL	NULL	Microsoft (MSFT) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/microsoft-msft-gains-as-market-dips-what-you-should-know1-cm1027341	Shutterstock photo
MSFT	9/24/2018 6:56:00 PM	NULL	NULL	A Comprehensive Nike Q1 Earnings Preview, Plus Some Under Armour & Gap News	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/a-comprehensive-nike-q1-earnings-preview-plus-some-under-armour-gap-news-cm1027269	Shutterstock photoWelcome to the latest episode of the Full-Court Finance podcast from Zacks Investment Research where Associate Stock Strategist Ben Rains dives into what to expect from Nike'sNKEfiscal Q1 financial results. Rains then evaluates the latest announcements from GapGPSand Under ArmourUAAaimed to help them better compete in a changing retail environment.Three weeks removed from the start of the Colin Kaepernick saga, Nike looks poised to report strong quarterly earnings after the bell Tuesday. Shares of NKE opened lower Monday after hitting a new high Friday. In fact, Nike has been one of the Dow's top performers this year. Coming into Monday, Nike stock had climbed 36% since the start of 2018, which topped Apple'sAAPL29% and Microsoft'sMSFT33% surge.Nike faced a somewhat turbulent stretch not too long ago that saw the sportswear giant's North American sales growth decline for nearly a year. But Nike management did not waver from their assurance that the firm would return to growth in its largest market, which it did last quarter. This growth was spurred by a direct-to-consumer commitment, which includes a slew of Nike apps as well as partnerships with AmazonAMZN, Chinese e-commerce power JD.ComJD, and even FacebookFB.Looking ahead, Nike is projected to see its Q1 revenues jump 8.9% to hit $9.88 billion, based on our current Zacks Consensus Estimate. Meanwhile, Nike's quarterly earnings are expected to jump by 8.8% to $0.62 per share. Nike's geographical and specific business unit estimates look strong as well.The episode then shifts its focus to the larger sports apparel market beyond Nike and its biggest rival AdidasADDYY.GapGPSannounced late last week its new men's athleisure brand called Hill City. The new line comes as companies try to expand into men's athleisure as firms such as LululemonLULUcontinue to expand.Hill City will act as the counterpart to Gap's Athleta women's brand. The move also highlights the strength of the overall athleisure industry. Meanwhile, Under ArmourUAAsaid that it plans to cut 400 jobs globally as the sportswear firm continues to try to cut costs and streamline its business as it fails to gain traction in some key growth areas.As a reminder, if you feel that we missed something, or if you have any topic suggestions, shoot us an email at podcast@zacks.com. Make sure to check out all of our other audio content at zacks.com/podcasts, and remember to subscribe and leave us a rating on Apple Podcasts.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportJD.com, Inc. (JD): Free Stock Analysis ReportFacebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Reportlululemon athletica inc. (LULU): Free Stock Analysis ReportThe Gap, Inc. (GPS): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdidas AG (ADDYY): Free Stock Analysis ReportNIKE, Inc. (NKE): Free Stock Analysis ReportUnder Armour, Inc. (UAA): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,EarningsReferenced Symbols:AMZN,JD,FB,AAPL,MSFT
MSFT	9/24/2018 5:34:25 PM	NULL	NULL	Can IBM Stock Be Boosted by the Cloud, Blockchain, And AI?	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/can-ibm-stock-be-boosted-by-the-cloud-blockchain-and-ai-cm1027390	Shutterstock photoInvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock AdviceTrading TipsWhile the bull market continues - led by a variety of tech operators likeApple(NASDAQ:AAPL),Amazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN), andNetflix(NASDAQ:NFLX) -IBM(NYSE:IBM) stock has been left out of the party. Actually, during the past five years, it has severely underperformed the indexes. For this period, the average annual return on IBM stock was a horrible -1.95%.The company has certainly been trying to improve things. Yet none of its initiatives seems to get enough momentum to get the attention of investors.So what now? Is IBM stock hopeless? Well, in light of the company's track record, that does seem like a reasonable conclusion.7 Stocks to Buy After 20% DropsIBM Stock Has PotentialBut I still think it has potential. Let's face it: old-line tech giants likeMicrosoft(NASDAQ:MSFT) andAdobe(NASDAQ:ADBE) have demonstrated that there are growth opportunities which can be exploited. For the most part, those companies have grown by aggressively utilizing next-generation technologies, such as cloud computing.And as for IBM stock, I think there could be a similar story brewing. Keep in mind that the company remains committed to heavy investments in research and development. For the first half of this year, it spent $2.8 billion on RD.IBM has also amassed a strong intellectual property portfolio. In 2017, it received over 9,000 patents, ranking first in that category for the 25th consecutive year. Many of those patents are in hot areas like artificial intelligence, self-driving cars, and blockchain technology.Of course, to be effective, IBM needs to commercialize its innovations. After all, it does not help if IBM is creating cool innovations without a business model, right?Finding Ways to MonetizeDefinitely. But IBM has been demonstrating that it is finding ways to monetize its creations. Just look at its latest earnings report. For the trailing 12 months, IBM'sStrategic Imperatives- which include cloud computing, security, analytics, Big Data and mobile - generated $39 billion, or about 48% of total revenues. In fact, the cloud is a hefty $18.5 billion business for IBM, and the annual run rate of its as-a-service business was over $11 billion. So as the Strategic Imperatives get larger and larger, they should help boost IBM's top line.IBM's Key AdvantagesConsider that IBM has the key advantages needed to be a marque player in AI and cloud computing. The company controls worldwide infrastructure, which includes 58 cloud data centers across 19 countries, and it manages mission-critical operations for thousands of large customers. Note that IBM is actually the world's third largest software company, behind Microsoft andOracle(NYSE:ORCL).Even IBM's mainframe business is critical. That technology has become ideal for transaction-intensive operations, including AI.And finally, IBM's investments in blockchain look promising. Blockchain, which emerged during the financial crisis, is based on a highly secure ledger system which has been incorporated into the bitcoin cryptocurrency. But over the years, it has also been effectively used to create decentralized databases.As for IBM, it has made some important strides in high tech. In partnership withMaersk,it has launched TradeLens, which tracks transactions across the supply chain. IBM has also developed LedgerConnect, a system for large financial institutions. Its partners on that project includeBarclays(NYSE:BCS) andCitigroup(NYSE:C).Bottom Line on IBM StockIt's true that IBM has transformed too slowly. Then again, it is always difficult to change a massive organization. Another issue is that a large portion of the company's systems had been fairly old.But the IBM stock price already is factoring in much of that, as its forward price-earnings ratio stands at only 11. Andthe dividend yieldof IBM stock is an attractive 4.23%. That is one of the highest dividend yields in the tech industry.So in light of IBM's restructuring and its focus on up-and-coming categories, IBM is definitely positioning itself nicely, and IBM stock does provide an interesting value opportunity for investors, given the bargain valuation of the IBM stock price.Tom Taulli is the author ofHigh-Profit IPO Strategies,All About CommoditiesandAll About Short Selling.Follow him on Twitter at@ttaulli. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.More From InvestorPlace15 Best SP 500 Stocks to Buy as the Markets Heat Up20 Stocks With Massive Post-Millennial Appeal15 Digital Ad Stocks to Buy for the Long Run30 Marijuana Stocks to Buy as the Future Turns GreenCompare BrokersThe postCan IBM Stock Be Boosted by the Cloud, Blockchain, And AI?appeared first onInvestorPlace.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,StocksReferenced Symbols:IBM,AAPL,AMZN,NFLX,MSFT
MSFT	9/24/2018 2:51:16 PM	NULL	NULL	SPY, UCON: Big ETF Inflows	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/spy-ucon-big-etf-inflows-cm1026949	Shutterstock photoComparing units outstanding versus one week ago at the coverage universe of ETFs at ETF Channel, the biggest inflow was seen in the SPDR SP 500 ETF (SPY), which added 38,450,000 units, or a 4.1% increase week over week. Among the largest underlying components of SPY, in morning trading today Apple (AAPL) is trading flat, and Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is lower by about 0.4%.And on a percentage change basis, the ETF with the biggest increase in inflows was the First Trust TCW Unconstrained Plus Bond ETF (UCON), which added 900,000 units, for a 37.5% increase in outstanding units. Among the largest underlying components of UCON, in morning trading today Intelsat (I) is up about 0.8%.VIDEO: SPY, UCON: Big ETF InflowsThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing IdeasReferenced Symbols:SPY,AAPL,MSFT,UCON,I
MSFT	9/24/2018 2:17:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Amazon Gains Competitive Edge on New Alexa Features & Echo	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-gains-competitive-edge-on-new-alexa-features-echo-cm1026982	Shutterstock photoAmazonAMZNis firing on all cylinders in the smart home space on the back of its robust voice assistant Alexa, smart speaker Echo and other home automation products.Recently, the e-commerce giant unveiled some new Echo devices along with few companion devices. Additionally, Amazon has added quite a number of new smart features to Alexa.The latest move of the company is in sync with its goal of launching at least eight new devices supported by Alexa by the end of the year. Moreover, growing proliferation of smart home device worldwide bodes well for the company's continued focus toward expanding its smart home automation product portfolio and strengthening Alexa skills.Coming to the price performance, shares of Amazon have returned 63.8% over a year, outperforming theindustry's rally of 29%.New ProductsUpdates to Aid GrowthThe new Echo devices comprising the likes of All-new Echo Dot, Echo Plus, Echo Show and Echo Auto intends to deliver enhanced smart home and car experience to the users.Moreover, the new companion devices such as Echo Wall Clock, Echo Input, Echo Sub, Echo Link and Link Amp will strengthen the performance of Echo smart speakers.All these will support the company to rapidly penetrate the global smart speaker market which as per a report from MarketsandMarkets, is expected to reach $11.8 billion by 2023 at a CAGR of 34.4% between 2018 and 2023.Additionally, the company introduced two smart home devices namely AmazonBasics Microwave and Amazon Smart Plug enabling the householders to control their devices with voice commands. While the first device will help in cooking, the second one will control fans, lights and other electrical home appliances.Further, new Alexa home safety features like Hunches, Video Doorbell, Alexa Guard, to name a few are likely to boost the user base of Alexa with the increasing theft and other major crimes at homes across the world.Moreover, the new entertainment features like TIDAL, Visual Alexa Blueprints, Left-Right Stereo Pairing along with other necessary features that make daily life convenient and hassle-free are likely to help Amazon gain further momentum in the global market for intelligent virtual assistant.Per a report from Research and Markets, this market is expected to witness a CAGR of 32% between 2018 and 2023 and to go beyond $9 billion by 2023.We believe the above mentioned strong endeavors will aid the company in reaping benefits from the rapidly growing global smart home automation market which is expected to reach $137.91 billion by 2023 at a CAGR of 13.6% between 2017 and 2022.Strengthening CompetitionThe vast growth opportunities in the smart home automation market are enticing enough to attract other tech companies like AppleAAPL, Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogle, MicrosoftMSFTand Samsung.All these companies are leaving no stone unturned to bolster their presence in the world of virtual assistants and smart speaker driven by artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning techniques (ML).Nevertheless, with the flurry of smart devices and ever growing Alexa skills, Amazon will continue to gain competitive advantage against these other players. Further, the combination of Alexa and Echo will help the company to maintain its dominance in the market.Currently, Amazon carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis ReportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportApple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:AMZN,GOOGL,AAPL,MSFT
MSFT	9/24/2018 2:06:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Infosys Extends Cloud Transition Services, Partners Google	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/infosys-extends-cloud-transition-services-partners-google-cm1027000	Shutterstock photoInfosysINFYin its attempt to target enterprise customers joined forces with Alphabet'sGOOGLGoogle Cloud to offer cloud transformation and migration services.The company, through Google Cloud Platform (GCP), will offer solutions and services to large-scale customers for easier transition and adoption of cloud-first strategy.Reportedly, Infosys has built solutions driven by Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning to focus on digitizing the data supply chain.The solutions include Analytics Workbench for augmenting data platforms to deliver end-to-end self-service capabilities and Information Grid to provide a data pipeline for data movement to GCP.A holistic offering called Customer Genome to help enterprises build a self-service driven and entity-centric foundation for explorative, predictive and prescriptive analytics was also rolled out.Further, the company's recently launched Data Native Intelligent Enterprise solution will help organizations react to external signals in real time and thereby provide intelligent and engaging experiences to customers.Digital Transformation - A Key DriverInfosys has been attempting to strengthen its digital transformation capabilities to expand and strengthen its position in the highly competitive environment.We note that Infosys is looking to build a strong team of digital specialists in order to cater to clients across all verticals whose key theme remains digital transformation. The company is witnessing an upward momentum in digital deal sizes.Notably, the company generated 28% of revenues from its digital business in fiscal 2018, which was 26.9% higher year over year.IDC estimates that 40% of technology spending will be allotted to digital transformations, with enterprises spending more than $2 trillion by 2019. We believe Infosys is well positioned to take advantage of the projected growth and a move like this will positively impact its top line.Infosys Limited Revenue (TTM)Infosys Limited Revenue (TTM)|Infosys Limited QuoteInfosys Banks on PartnershipsInfosys has also been strengthening its core competencies by pursuing strategic collaborations and acquisitions. The company's alliance strategy is targeted at collaborating with leading technology providers, which allows it to take advantage of emerging technologies in a mutually beneficial and cost-competitive manner.Per Infosys president and deputy chief operating officer, Ravi Kumar, "We see Google Cloud as a key partner in the cloud-first landscape, putting our partnership in a great position to provide exceptional value to our global customer base."Over the past few quarters, Infosys has collaborated with many bigwigs to fortify its portfolio and market share. To boost digital, cloud, legacy modernization and automation business, Infosys has strengthened strategic partnerships with AdobeADBE, MicrosoftMSFT, Amazon Web Services and Salesforce.com.With these partnerships and the subsequent expansion in product offerings, the company will be able to attract new customers and keep the existing ones hooked on to its services, in our view.Infosys currently carries a Zacks Rank#3 (Hold). You can seethe complete list of today's Zacks #1 (Strong Buy) Rank   stocks here.The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of AllLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce ""the world's first trillionaires,"" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This TrendWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis ReportAdobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis ReportMicrosoft Corporation (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis ReportInfosys Limited (INFY): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Business,StocksReferenced Symbols:GOOGL,ADBE,MSFT,INFY
MSFT	9/24/2018 9:30:00 AM	NULL	NULL	SAP, Microsoft and Adobe announce data alliance	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/sap-microsoft-and-adobe-announce-data-alliance-20180924-00675	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}FRANKFURT, Sept 24 (Reuters) - Business software companies SAP, Microsoft  and Adobe  said on Monday they were forming a data alliance that will make it easier for clients running their applications to get a better overview of the customer.The partners announced the Open Data Initiative at a Microsoft conference in Orlando, Florida, saying it would help break down information silos that make it hard for businesses to make the most of their customer base."The core focus of the Open Data Initiative is to eliminate data silos and enable a single view of the customer, helping companies to better govern their data and support privacy and security initiatives," the three said in a joint statement.It comes as a new European data privacy law, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), puts a premium on access to customer data given by consent, structurally favouring direct marketing channels over the advertising ecosystem that relies heavily on tracking users online.This article appears in:Stocks,PoliticsReferenced Symbols:ADBE,
MSFT	9/24/2018 1:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Tech index refresh could give under-the-radar names their day in the sun	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/tech-index-refresh-could-give-undertheradar-names-their-day-in-the-sun-20180924-00015	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David RandallNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - A reshuffling of Wall Street benchmark industry sectors that transferred high-flying FANG stocks likeFacebookInc  and Google-parent Alphabet Inc  out of the technology label may be a boon to some under-the-radar companies that used to compete with them for investor attention.Companies such as Cisco Systems Inc, Juniper Networks Inc, Xerox Corp, Akamai Technologies Inc, and Texas Instruments Inc  that do not often grab headlines could be among the unexpected winners from the largest reclassification of companies on Wall Street since 1999, fund managers say."At the end of the day, there are a lot of investors who are very sector-aware," said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York."If you're a smaller tech company, this is great because you no longer have to compete against Google for capital."The overhaul by SP Dow Jones Indices of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) took effect on Monday. The changes are meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved. Maintained by SP and MSCI since 1999 and widely used by portfolio managers, the taxonomy classifies companies across 11 sectors.The communication services sector will include three out of the four so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc  and Alphabet - even though investors widely consider them the leaders of the tech rally that powered the stock market higher in recent years.While Alphabet and Facebook will leave technology, Netflix will be moved out of consumer discretionary to join the renamed sector. Amazon.com will stay put in consumer discretionary.Shares of Alphabet, which made up approximately 10.2 percent of the technology sector, are up 12.3 percent for the year to date. After Apple, Microsoft Corp, Visa Inc, Intel Corp  and Cisco now round out the SP tech index's largest five components.Overall, the regrouping of companies in new sectors is expected to generate more than $30 billion in market activity as active investors and passive exchange-traded funds (ETFs) recalibrate their positions to reflect the new weightings, according to estimates from State Street.While most diversified fund managers have wide leeway in deciding what companies to own, most tend to hug the weightings of the SP 500 sectors when constructing their portfolios.That means that if a fund manager used to own Alphabet as a way to gain technology exposure, he or she would need to find another company to fill that hole now that Alphabet is in another sector.PLAYING DEFENSEThe shuffling of benchmark sectors may also make it harder for investors to play defense during the next market sell-off. Former value-stock companies like ATT Inc  that were in the telecommunications sector are now lumped together with growth-focused companies like Netflix Inc  in the communications services sector."In times when you would want to play defense and allocate to telecom, you can't really do that anymore," said Cliff Hodge, director of investments for Charlotte, North Carolina-based Cornerstone Wealth.Approximately 61 percent of the new communications sector will be growth stocks - so named because investors are often willing to pay a higher multiple in anticipation of above-market growth rates - while 100 percent of the former telecommunications sector were value stocks, the name given to companies that have slower growth rates but better dividends and balance sheets, according to State Street Advisors.The former telecom sector traded at a forward price to earnings ratio of 10.6, nearly half of the 19.3 P/E of the new communications sector.The sector paid a dividend yield of 5.45 percent, making it an attractive place for investors to hide during market downturns. Yet the sector, renamed communication services, now includes stocks like Netflix, which doesn't pay a dividend at all.With the telecom sector gone, more investors will gravitate toward consumer staples and utilities sectors, which have become a popular - and expensive - place for dividend income, said  Jeffrey Liguori, chief investment officer at Providence, Rhode Island-based Napatree Capital."Verizon is not a telephone company anymore and neither is ATT," he said. "They should be trading like media companies and getting valuations that are more appropriate as well."This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
HD	9/24/2018 8:23:51 PM	NULL	NULL	Dow Snaps Win Streak Amid D.C. Drama	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/dow-snaps-win-streak-amid-dc-drama-cm1027316	Shutterstock photoIt was a risk-off session on Wall Street today, with the Dow and SP 500 Index snapping four-day win streaks. While stocks were mostly lower out of the gate, conflicting reports of the potential resignation of U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein quickly resulted in additional selling pressure. However, a strong showing from the tech sector had the Nasdaq outperforming its index peers -- representing a stark reversal from last week's market action. Traders also digested a bevy ofMA-related headlines, as well as a huge day foroil prices.Continue reading for more on today's market, including:Call buyers bet on a20% rebound for GE stock.Scoop up thisFAANG stockbefore October.The weed stock that landed on ourmost active optionslist.Plus, one drugmaker jumps on the cannabis craze; 2 reasons   UBS is selling this casino stock; and Avon Products' big bull   note.TheDow Jones Industrial Average (DJI - 26,562.05)dropped 181.5 points, or 0.7%, snapping its four-day win streak. Only seven of the 30 Dow stocks closed in positive territory, led by a 2.1% rise in Walt Disney (DIS) shares. The biggest losers were DowDuPont (DWDP) and Home Depot (HD), which both fell 2.1%.TheSP 500 Index (SPX -2,919.37)lost 10.3, or 0.4%, while theNasdaq Composite (IXIC - 7,993.25)outperformed with a 6.3-point, or 0.1% gain.TheCboe Volatility Index (VIX - 12.20)ticked up 0.5 point, or 4.5%.5 Items on our Radar TodayAlphabet's Google announced along list of updates today, including an "activity card" -- showing pages you've visited --   and something called "Collections," which is where you can save   content from your activity card. Other major changes will include   a new "Featured Videos" card and enhancements to Google image   searches. (CNBC)Elsewhere in the tech space,Snapchat is partnering with Amazonto make it easier for users to buy items they see in real life.   Snapchat users can just take a picture of an item or a barcode   and upload it to Amazon, where they can then buy the item. (The Verge)The drugmaker thatentered the cannabis craze.2 reasons UBS isselling this casino stock.Penny stock Avon Productsgot a big price-target hike.Data courtesy ofTrade-AlertOil Had Huge Day After OPEC Output NewsIt was a huge day foroil pricesfollowing news Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) members and non-members decided not to increase crude output over the weekend. This sparked a gain of $1.30, or 1.8%, for November-dated crude futures, which closed at $72.08 per barrel.Gold prices saw modest gains today ahead of an expectedrate hike from the Fedthis week. December gold futures rose $3.10, or 0.3%, and ended at $1,204.40 an ounce.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,OptionsReferenced Symbols:DIS,DWDP,HD,SPX,IXIC
INTC	9/24/2018 9:45:16 PM	NULL	NULL	Intel (INTC) Gains As Market Dips: What You Should Know	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/intel-intc-gains-as-market-dips-what-you-should-know-cm1027348	Shutterstock photoIntel (INTC) closed at $46.91 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.55% move from the prior day. The stock outpaced the SP 500's daily loss of 0.35%. At the same time, the Dow lost 0.68%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 0.08%.Heading into today, shares of the world's largest chipmaker had lost 0.68% over the past month, lagging the Computer and Technology sector's gain of 1.48% and the SP 500's gain of 2.47% in that time.Wall Street will be looking for positivity from INTC as it approaches its next earnings report date. This is expected to be October 25, 2018. The company is expected to report EPS of $1.15, up 13.86% from the prior-year quarter. Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $18.10 billion, up 12.1% from the year-ago period.For the full year, our Zacks Consensus Estimates are projecting earnings of $4.15 per share and revenue of $69.50 billion, which would represent changes of +19.94% and +10.73%, respectively, from the prior year.Investors should also note any recent changes to analyst estimates for INTC. Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends. As a result, we can interpret positive estimate revisions as a good sign for the company's business outlook.Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum. To benefit from this, we have developed the Zacks Rank, a proprietary model which takes these estimate changes into account and provides an actionable rating system.The Zacks Rank system, which ranges from #1 (Strong Buy) to #5 (Strong Sell), has an impressive outside-audited track record of outperformance, with #1 stocks generating an average annual return of +25% since 1988. Within the past 30 days, our consensus EPS projection remained stagnant. INTC is holding a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold) right now.In terms of valuation, INTC is currently trading at a Forward P/E ratio of 11.23. Its industry sports an average Forward P/E of 11.96, so we one might conclude that INTC is trading at a discount comparatively.Also, we should mention that INTC has a PEG ratio of 1.33. The PEG ratio is similar to the widely-used P/E ratio, but this metric also takes the company's expected earnings growth rate into account. Semiconductor - General stocks are, on average, holding a PEG ratio of 1.69 based on yesterday's closing prices.The Semiconductor - General industry is part of the Computer and Technology sector. This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 226, which puts it in the bottom 11% of all 250+ industries.The Zacks Industry Rank gauges the strength of our industry groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups. Our research shows that the top 50% rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1.Make sure to utilize Zacks. Com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics, and more, in the coming trading sessions.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free reportIntel Corporation (INTC): Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment ResearchThe views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Investing,Investing Ideas,StocksReferenced Symbols:INTC
INTC	9/24/2018 9:42:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Intel May Now Be Inside of the Apple Watch	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/intel-may-now-be-inside-of-the-apple-watch-cm1027342	Apple(NASDAQ: AAPL) has relied on chip giantIntel(NASDAQ: INTC) to supply it with processors for its Mac line of   personal computers since 2006 after Apple famously transitioned   from PowerPC chips to Intel's Core processors. Ten years after   that, Intel was added as a cellular modem supplier for the iPhone   7 and iPhone 7 Plus.In 2017, Apple released the Apple Watch Series 3. One of the   key selling points of that product line was the addition of   cellular-enabled options to the lineup.Image source: Apple."Apple Watch Series 3 with cellular allows [users] to stay   connected, make calls, receive texts and more, even without an   iPhone nearby," Apple's press release announcing the Apple Watch   Series 3 read.There werereportslast year that Intel was set to supply cellular modems for the   cellular-enabled versions of the Apple Watch Series 3, but a   tear-down report of the device fromTechInsightsultimately revealed thatQualcomm(NASDAQ: QCOM) , not Intel, won that cellular modem spot.Apple's latestApple Watch Series 4hasn't yet been torn down yet, but according to a user who goes   by the handle "Longhorn," who has a good track record of digging   out technical details of Apple products, the cellular version of   the Apple Watch Series 4 uses an Intel-supplied cellular   modem.Apple Watch Series 4 cellular uses an Intel modem (IBIS SoC)   ... with ARM instead of x86.- Longhorn (@never_released)September 15, 2018Let's go over what this means for both Intel and Qualcomm.Small win for Intel, small loss for QualcommApple doesn't break out Apple Watch shipments, but it doesn't   take a great leap of faith to believe that the Apple Watch   cellular modem deal simply isn't going to move the needle from a   financial perspective for either Intel, which analysts expect to   generate $69.55 billion in sales this year, or Qualcomm, which   analysts say is on track to rake in $22.43 billion in revenue   during its current fiscal year.For some perspective, TF Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo   recentlypredictedthat Apple Watch shipments would hit 18 million units in 2018. In   a legal complaint against Qualcomm, Apple said that "a baseband   processor sells for around $10 to $20." Even if we assumed that a   potential baseband provider received the midpoint of that range   per baseband sold into the Apple Watch and every Apple Watch sold   in 2018 shipped with a baseband, then the total market   opportunity would be in the ballpark of $270 million -- extremely   small relative to either Intel's or Qualcomm's current   businesses.Now consider that nowhere close to all of the Apple Watches   sold in a given year are cellular-capable and it immediately   becomes clear that the total baseband supply opportunity into a   product like the Apple Watch is just a fraction of that   hypothetical $270 million. (The opportunity would be smaller   still if you assume that an Apple Watch-bound baseband might be   cheaper than one designed for a smartphone.)The point here is that Intel doesn't stand to gain much nor is   Qualcomm set to lose much from Apple deciding to move the   cellular-enabled versions of the Apple Watch from Qualcomm   baseband processors to Intel-based ones.Indeed, Intel winning the entirety of the modem orders for   Apple's recently announced iPhones (something that Qualcommtold investors to expectback in July) should have amuch bigger impacton both companies' financial performance than anything related to   the Apple Watch could have for the foreseeable future.10 stocks we like better than IntelWhen investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip,     it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run     for over a decade,Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy right now... and Intel wasn't one of them!     That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better     buys.Click hereto learn about these picks!*Stock Advisor returns as of August 6, 2018Ashraf Eassaowns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and     recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Qualcomm and     has the following options: long January 2020 $150 calls on     Apple and short January 2020 $155 calls on Apple. The Motley     Fool has adisclosure policy.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:Personal Finance,StocksReferenced Symbols:INTC,QCOM,AAPL
INTC	9/24/2018 8:19:54 PM	NULL	NULL	After Hours Most Active for Sep 24, 2018 :  GE, JNPR, QCOM, FCX, FDC, T, MU, F, FOXA, QQQ, AMRN, INTC	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/after-hours-most-active-for-sep-24-2018-ge-jnpr-qcom-fcx-fdc-t-mu-f-foxa-qqq-amrn-intc-cm1027293	Shutterstock photoTheNASDAQ 100 After Hours Indicatoris up 2.01 to 7,550.76. The total After hours volume is currently 48,179,393 shares traded.The following are themost active stocks for the after hours session:General Electric Company (GE) is -0.01 at $11.73, with 6,775,654 shares traded., following a 52-week high recorded in today's regular session.Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) is unchanged at $29.67, with 3,077,699 shares traded. JNPR's current last sale is 113.03% of the target price of $26.25.QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) is unchanged at $73.58, with 2,840,875 shares traded. QCOM's current last sale is 101.49% of the target price of $72.5.Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) is +0.0707 at $14.31, with 2,712,650 shares traded. FCX's current last sale is 79.5% of the target price of $18.First Data Corporation (FDC) is +0.26 at $25.87, with 2,711,964 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for FDC is in the "buy range".ATT Inc. (T) is +0.04 at $33.95, with 2,695,880 shares traded. T's current last sale is 93.01% of the target price of $36.5.Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) is -0.01 at $45.15, with 2,434,374 shares traded. As reported by Zacks, the current mean recommendation for MU is in the "buy range".Ford Motor Company (F) is unchanged at $9.59, with 2,395,976 shares traded. F's current last sale is 76.72% of the target price of $12.5.Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA) is -0.01 at $45.00, with 2,178,657 shares traded. FOXA's current last sale is 91.84% of the target price of $49.Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) is +0.13 at $184.02, with 2,161,036 shares traded. This represents a 29.5% increase from its 52 Week Low.Amarin Corporation plc (AMRN) is +0.23 at $12.63, with 1,919,425 shares traded., following a 52-week high recorded in today's regular session.Intel Corporation (INTC) is +0.0537 at $46.96, with 1,603,756 shares traded. INTC's current last sale is 84.62% of the target price of $55.5.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.This article appears in:News Headlines,After Hours Most ActiveReferenced Symbols:GE,JNPR,QCOM,FCX,FDC,T,MU,F,FOXA,QQQ,AMRN,INTC
INTC	9/24/2018 1:00:00 AM	NULL	NULL	Tech index refresh could give under-the-radar names their day in the sun	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/tech-index-refresh-could-give-undertheradar-names-their-day-in-the-sun-20180924-00015	Reuters@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}By David RandallNEW YORK, Sept 24 (Reuters) - A reshuffling of Wall Street benchmark industry sectors that transferred high-flying FANG stocks likeFacebookInc  and Google-parent Alphabet Inc  out of the technology label may be a boon to some under-the-radar companies that used to compete with them for investor attention.Companies such as Cisco Systems Inc, Juniper Networks Inc, Xerox Corp, Akamai Technologies Inc, and Texas Instruments Inc  that do not often grab headlines could be among the unexpected winners from the largest reclassification of companies on Wall Street since 1999, fund managers say."At the end of the day, there are a lot of investors who are very sector-aware," said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York."If you're a smaller tech company, this is great because you no longer have to compete against Google for capital."The overhaul by SP Dow Jones Indices of the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) took effect on Monday. The changes are meant to reflect how the tech, media and consumer industries have evolved. Maintained by SP and MSCI since 1999 and widely used by portfolio managers, the taxonomy classifies companies across 11 sectors.The communication services sector will include three out of the four so-called FANG stocks - Facebook, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix Inc  and Alphabet - even though investors widely consider them the leaders of the tech rally that powered the stock market higher in recent years.While Alphabet and Facebook will leave technology, Netflix will be moved out of consumer discretionary to join the renamed sector. Amazon.com will stay put in consumer discretionary.Shares of Alphabet, which made up approximately 10.2 percent of the technology sector, are up 12.3 percent for the year to date. After Apple, Microsoft Corp, Visa Inc, Intel Corp  and Cisco now round out the SP tech index's largest five components.Overall, the regrouping of companies in new sectors is expected to generate more than $30 billion in market activity as active investors and passive exchange-traded funds (ETFs) recalibrate their positions to reflect the new weightings, according to estimates from State Street.While most diversified fund managers have wide leeway in deciding what companies to own, most tend to hug the weightings of the SP 500 sectors when constructing their portfolios.That means that if a fund manager used to own Alphabet as a way to gain technology exposure, he or she would need to find another company to fill that hole now that Alphabet is in another sector.PLAYING DEFENSEThe shuffling of benchmark sectors may also make it harder for investors to play defense during the next market sell-off. Former value-stock companies like ATT Inc  that were in the telecommunications sector are now lumped together with growth-focused companies like Netflix Inc  in the communications services sector."In times when you would want to play defense and allocate to telecom, you can't really do that anymore," said Cliff Hodge, director of investments for Charlotte, North Carolina-based Cornerstone Wealth.Approximately 61 percent of the new communications sector will be growth stocks - so named because investors are often willing to pay a higher multiple in anticipation of above-market growth rates - while 100 percent of the former telecommunications sector were value stocks, the name given to companies that have slower growth rates but better dividends and balance sheets, according to State Street Advisors.The former telecom sector traded at a forward price to earnings ratio of 10.6, nearly half of the 19.3 P/E of the new communications sector.The sector paid a dividend yield of 5.45 percent, making it an attractive place for investors to hide during market downturns. Yet the sector, renamed communication services, now includes stocks like Netflix, which doesn't pay a dividend at all.With the telecom sector gone, more investors will gravitate toward consumer staples and utilities sectors, which have become a popular - and expensive - place for dividend income, said  Jeffrey Liguori, chief investment officer at Providence, Rhode Island-based Napatree Capital."Verizon is not a telephone company anymore and neither is ATT," he said. "They should be trading like media companies and getting valuations that are more appropriate as well."This article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,TechnologyReferenced Symbols:AAPL,
TSM	9/24/2018 7:59:00 PM	NULL	NULL	Renewed Selling Pressure Tipped For Taiwan Bourse	https://www.nasdaq.com/article/renewed-selling-pressure-tipped-for-taiwan-bourse-20180924-01198	Shutterstock photo@media screen and (max-device-width: 480px){body{ font-size:30pt !important;}}(RTTNews.com) - Ahead of Monday's holiday, the Taiwan stock market had finished higher in two of three trading days since the end of the two-day losing streak win which it had surrendered more than 100 points or 0.9 percent. The Taiwan Stock Exchange now rests just above the 10,970-point plateau although it's expected to head south again on Tuesday.The global forecast for the Asian markets is cautious ahead of ongoing trade concerns and this week's FOMC meeting. The European and U.S. markets were mostly lower and the Asian bourses figure to follow that lead.The TSE finished sharply higher on Friday following gains from the financials, technology stocks and chemical companies.For the day, the index spiked 141.00 points or 1.30 percent to finish at the daily high of 10,972.41 after moving as low as 10,835.84 on turnover of 155.53 billion Taiwan dollars.Among the actives, Cathay Financial advanced 1.34 percent, while Fubon Financial climbed 1.39 percent, CTBC Financial gathered 1.35 percent, Mega Financial collected 0.56 percent, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company added 0.58 percent, United Microelectronics Corporation surged 2.59 percent, Largan Precision jumped 1.84 percent, Hon Hai Precision gained 0.26 percent, AU Optronics picked up 0.78 percent, Catcher Technology perked 0.59 percent, AsusTek Computer was up 1.19 percent, Formosa Petrochemical surged 5.76 percent, Formosa Chemicals spiked 4.92 percent, Formosa Plastics advanced 3.52 percent and Chunghwa Telecom shed 0.45 percent.The lead from Wall Street is soft as stocks opened lower on Monday and mostly stayed that way throughout the session, although bargain hunting among the technical shares nudged the NASDAQ into positive territory.The Dow shed 181.45 points or 0.68 percent to finish at 26,562.05, while the NASDAQ added 6.29 points or 0.08 percent to 7,993.25 and the SP fell 10.30 points or 0.35 percent to 2,919.37.The weakness on Wall Street comes amid news China has canceled trade talks with the U.S. as tariffs on billions of dollars of goods take effect.Traders also were reluctant to make significant moves ahead of Wednesday's Federal Reserve meeting. The Fed is widely expected to raise interest rates by another quarter point.The accompanying statement is likely to attract considerable attention along with Fed Chairman Jerome Powell's press conference as traders attempt to gauge the outlook for further rate hikes.Crudeoil pricesmoved up sharply on Monday, as crude exports from Iran dropped and top oil producers signaled they were in no rush to increase output. West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures for November ended up $1.30 or 1.8 percent at $72.08 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, the highest settlement in more than two months.Read the original article on RTTNews (http://www.rttnews.com/2937648/renewed-selling-pressure-tipped-for-taiwan-bourse.aspx)For comments and feedback: contacteditorial@rttnews.comThis article appears in:Stocks,World Markets,Banking and Loans,Oil
